.TH "cgebrd.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cgebrd.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcgebrd\fP (M, N, A, LDA, D, E, TAUQ, TAUP, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCGEBRD\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine cgebrd (integerM, integerN, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( * )D, real, dimension( * )E, complex, dimension( * )TAUQ, complex, dimension( * )TAUP, complex, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBCGEBRD\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CGEBRD reduces a general complex M-by-N matrix A to upper or lower
 bidiagonal form B by a unitary transformation: Q**H * A * P = B.

 If m >= n, B is upper bidiagonal; if m < n, B is lower bidiagonal.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows in the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns in the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N general matrix to be reduced.
          On exit,
          if m >= n, the diagonal and the first superdiagonal are
            overwritten with the upper bidiagonal matrix B; the
            elements below the diagonal, with the array TAUQ, represent
            the unitary matrix Q as a product of elementary
            reflectors, and the elements above the first superdiagonal,
            with the array TAUP, represent the unitary matrix P as
            a product of elementary reflectors;
          if m < n, the diagonal and the first subdiagonal are
            overwritten with the lower bidiagonal matrix B; the
            elements below the first subdiagonal, with the array TAUQ,
            represent the unitary matrix Q as a product of
            elementary reflectors, and the elements above the diagonal,
            with the array TAUP, represent the unitary matrix P as
            a product of elementary reflectors.
          See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (min(M,N))
          The diagonal elements of the bidiagonal matrix B:
          D(i) = A(i,i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is REAL array, dimension (min(M,N)-1)
          The off-diagonal elements of the bidiagonal matrix B:
          if m >= n, E(i) = A(i,i+1) for i = 1,2,...,n-1;
          if m < n, E(i) = A(i+1,i) for i = 1,2,...,m-1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAUQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAUQ is COMPLEX array dimension (min(M,N))
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors which
          represent the unitary matrix Q. See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAUP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAUP is COMPLEX array, dimension (min(M,N))
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors which
          represent the unitary matrix P. See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The length of the array WORK.  LWORK >= max(1,M,N).
          For optimum performance LWORK >= (M+N)*NB, where NB
          is the optimal blocksize.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The matrices Q and P are represented as products of elementary
  reflectors:

  If m >= n,

     Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(n)  and  P = G(1) G(2) . . . G(n-1)

  Each H(i) and G(i) has the form:

     H(i) = I - tauq * v * v**H  and G(i) = I - taup * u * u**H

  where tauq and taup are complex scalars, and v and u are complex
  vectors; v(1:i-1) = 0, v(i) = 1, and v(i+1:m) is stored on exit in
  A(i+1:m,i); u(1:i) = 0, u(i+1) = 1, and u(i+2:n) is stored on exit in
  A(i,i+2:n); tauq is stored in TAUQ(i) and taup in TAUP(i).

  If m < n,

     Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(m-1)  and  P = G(1) G(2) . . . G(m)

  Each H(i) and G(i) has the form:

     H(i) = I - tauq * v * v**H  and G(i) = I - taup * u * u**H

  where tauq and taup are complex scalars, and v and u are complex
  vectors; v(1:i) = 0, v(i+1) = 1, and v(i+2:m) is stored on exit in
  A(i+2:m,i); u(1:i-1) = 0, u(i) = 1, and u(i+1:n) is stored on exit in
  A(i,i+1:n); tauq is stored in TAUQ(i) and taup in TAUP(i).

  The contents of A on exit are illustrated by the following examples:

  m = 6 and n = 5 (m > n):          m = 5 and n = 6 (m < n):

    (  d   e   u1  u1  u1 )           (  d   u1  u1  u1  u1  u1 )
    (  v1  d   e   u2  u2 )           (  e   d   u2  u2  u2  u2 )
    (  v1  v2  d   e   u3 )           (  v1  e   d   u3  u3  u3 )
    (  v1  v2  v3  d   e  )           (  v1  v2  e   d   u4  u4 )
    (  v1  v2  v3  v4  d  )           (  v1  v2  v3  e   d   u5 )
    (  v1  v2  v3  v4  v5 )

  where d and e denote diagonal and off-diagonal elements of B, vi
  denotes an element of the vector defining H(i), and ui an element of
  the vector defining G(i).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 206 of file cgebrd\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
