.TH "cgesv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cgesv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcgesv\fP (N, NRHS, A, LDA, IPIV, B, LDB, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB CGESV computes the solution to system of linear equations A * X = B for GE matrices\fP (simple driver) \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine cgesv (integerN, integerNRHS, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, complex, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB CGESV computes the solution to system of linear equations A * X = B for GE matrices\fP (simple driver)  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CGESV computes the solution to a complex system of linear equations
    A * X = B,
 where A is an N-by-N matrix and X and B are N-by-NRHS matrices.

 The LU decomposition with partial pivoting and row interchanges is
 used to factor A as
    A = P * L * U,
 where P is a permutation matrix, L is unit lower triangular, and U is
 upper triangular.  The factored form of A is then used to solve the
 system of equations A * X = B.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of linear equations, i.e., the order of the
          matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the N-by-N coefficient matrix A.
          On exit, the factors L and U from the factorization
          A = P*L*U; the unit diagonal elements of L are not stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          The pivot indices that define the permutation matrix P;
          row i of the matrix was interchanged with row IPIV(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          On entry, the N-by-NRHS matrix of right hand side matrix B.
          On exit, if INFO = 0, the N-by-NRHS solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, U(i,i) is exactly zero.  The factorization
                has been completed, but the factor U is exactly
                singular, so the solution could not be computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 123 of file cgesv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
