.TH "cgetc2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cgetc2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcgetc2\fP (N, A, LDA, IPIV, JPIV, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCGETC2\fP computes the LU factorization with complete pivoting of the general n-by-n matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine cgetc2 (integerN, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, integer, dimension( * )JPIV, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBCGETC2\fP computes the LU factorization with complete pivoting of the general n-by-n matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CGETC2 computes an LU factorization, using complete pivoting, of the
 n-by-n matrix A. The factorization has the form A = P * L * U * Q,
 where P and Q are permutation matrices, L is lower triangular with
 unit diagonal elements and U is upper triangular.

 This is a level 1 BLAS version of the algorithm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA, N)
          On entry, the n-by-n matrix to be factored.
          On exit, the factors L and U from the factorization
          A = P*L*U*Q; the unit diagonal elements of L are not stored.
          If U(k, k) appears to be less than SMIN, U(k, k) is given the
          value of SMIN, giving a nonsingular perturbed system.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1, N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N).
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= i <= N, row i of the
          matrix has been interchanged with row IPIV(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIJPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N).
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= j <= N, column j of the
          matrix has been interchanged with column JPIV(j).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
           = 0: successful exit
           > 0: if INFO = k, U(k, k) is likely to produce overflow if
                one tries to solve for x in Ax = b. So U is perturbed
                to avoid the overflow.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2013 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Bo Kagstrom and Peter Poromaa, Department of Computing Science, Umea University, S-901 87 Umea, Sweden\&. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 112 of file cgetc2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
