.TH "cggglm.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cggglm.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcggglm\fP (N, M, P, A, LDA, B, LDB, D, X, Y, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB CGGEVX computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for GE matrices\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine cggglm (integerN, integerM, integerP, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, complex, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, complex, dimension( * )D, complex, dimension( * )X, complex, dimension( * )Y, complex, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB CGGEVX computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for GE matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CGGGLM solves a general Gauss-Markov linear model (GLM) problem:

         minimize || y ||_2   subject to   d = A*x + B*y
             x

 where A is an N-by-M matrix, B is an N-by-P matrix, and d is a
 given N-vector. It is assumed that M <= N <= M+P, and

            rank(A) = M    and    rank( A B ) = N.

 Under these assumptions, the constrained equation is always
 consistent, and there is a unique solution x and a minimal 2-norm
 solution y, which is obtained using a generalized QR factorization
 of the matrices (A, B) given by

    A = Q*(R),   B = Q*T*Z.
          (0)

 In particular, if matrix B is square nonsingular, then the problem
 GLM is equivalent to the following weighted linear least squares
 problem

              minimize || inv(B)*(d-A*x) ||_2
                  x

 where inv(B) denotes the inverse of B.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrices A and B.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  0 <= M <= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          P is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix B.  P >= N-M.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,M)
          On entry, the N-by-M matrix A.
          On exit, the upper triangular part of the array A contains
          the M-by-M upper triangular matrix R.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A. LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDB,P)
          On entry, the N-by-P matrix B.
          On exit, if N <= P, the upper triangle of the subarray
          B(1:N,P-N+1:P) contains the N-by-N upper triangular matrix T;
          if N > P, the elements on and above the (N-P)th subdiagonal
          contain the N-by-P upper trapezoidal matrix T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B. LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is COMPLEX array, dimension (N)
          On entry, D is the left hand side of the GLM equation.
          On exit, D is destroyed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX array, dimension (M)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is COMPLEX array, dimension (P)

          On exit, X and Y are the solutions of the GLM problem.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK. LWORK >= max(1,N+M+P).
          For optimum performance, LWORK >= M+min(N,P)+max(N,P)*NB,
          where NB is an upper bound for the optimal blocksizes for
          CGEQRF, CGERQF, CUNMQR and CUNMRQ.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
          = 1:  the upper triangular factor R associated with A in the
                generalized QR factorization of the pair (A, B) is
                singular, so that rank(A) < M; the least squares
                solution could not be computed.
          = 2:  the bottom (N-M) by (N-M) part of the upper trapezoidal
                factor T associated with B in the generalized QR
                factorization of the pair (A, B) is singular, so that
                rank( A B ) < N; the least squares solution could not
                be computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 185 of file cggglm\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
