.TH "cgtrfs.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cgtrfs.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcgtrfs\fP (TRANS, N, NRHS, DL, D, DU, DLF, DF, DUF, DU2, IPIV, B, LDB, X, LDX, FERR, BERR, WORK, RWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCGTRFS\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine cgtrfs (characterTRANS, integerN, integerNRHS, complex, dimension( * )DL, complex, dimension( * )D, complex, dimension( * )DU, complex, dimension( * )DLF, complex, dimension( * )DF, complex, dimension( * )DUF, complex, dimension( * )DU2, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, complex, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, complex, dimension( ldx, * )X, integerLDX, real, dimension( * )FERR, real, dimension( * )BERR, complex, dimension( * )WORK, real, dimension( * )RWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBCGTRFS\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CGTRFS improves the computed solution to a system of linear
 equations when the coefficient matrix is tridiagonal, and provides
 error bounds and backward error estimates for the solution.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the form of the system of equations:
          = 'N':  A * X = B     (No transpose)
          = 'T':  A**T * X = B  (Transpose)
          = 'C':  A**H * X = B  (Conjugate transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DL is COMPLEX array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) subdiagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is COMPLEX array, dimension (N)
          The diagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DU is COMPLEX array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) superdiagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDLF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DLF is COMPLEX array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) multipliers that define the matrix L from the
          LU factorization of A as computed by CGTTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DF is COMPLEX array, dimension (N)
          The n diagonal elements of the upper triangular matrix U from
          the LU factorization of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDUF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DUF is COMPLEX array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) elements of the first superdiagonal of U.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDU2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DU2 is COMPLEX array, dimension (N-2)
          The (n-2) elements of the second superdiagonal of U.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= i <= n, row i of the matrix was
          interchanged with row IPIV(i).  IPIV(i) will always be either
          i or i+1; IPIV(i) = i indicates a row interchange was not
          required.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          The right hand side matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDX,NRHS)
          On entry, the solution matrix X, as computed by CGTTRS.
          On exit, the improved solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array X.  LDX >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIFERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          FERR is REAL array, dimension (NRHS)
          The estimated forward error bound for each solution vector
          X(j) (the j-th column of the solution matrix X).
          If XTRUE is the true solution corresponding to X(j), FERR(j)
          is an estimated upper bound for the magnitude of the largest
          element in (X(j) - XTRUE) divided by the magnitude of the
          largest element in X(j).  The estimate is as reliable as
          the estimate for RCOND, and is almost always a slight
          overestimate of the true error.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BERR is REAL array, dimension (NRHS)
          The componentwise relative backward error of each solution
          vector X(j) (i.e., the smallest relative change in
          any element of A or B that makes X(j) an exact solution).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is REAL array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBInternal Parameters: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  ITMAX is the maximum number of steps of iterative refinement.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 209 of file cgtrfs\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
