.TH "chbevx.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
chbevx.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBchbevx\fP (JOBZ, RANGE, UPLO, N, KD, AB, LDAB, Q, LDQ, VL, VU, IL, IU, ABSTOL, M, W, Z, LDZ, WORK, RWORK, IWORK, IFAIL, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB CHBEVX computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine chbevx (characterJOBZ, characterRANGE, characterUPLO, integerN, integerKD, complex, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, complex, dimension( ldq, * )Q, integerLDQ, realVL, realVU, integerIL, integerIU, realABSTOL, integerM, real, dimension( * )W, complex, dimension( ldz, * )Z, integerLDZ, complex, dimension( * )WORK, real, dimension( * )RWORK, integer, dimension( * )IWORK, integer, dimension( * )IFAIL, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB CHBEVX computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CHBEVX computes selected eigenvalues and, optionally, eigenvectors
 of a complex Hermitian band matrix A.  Eigenvalues and eigenvectors
 can be selected by specifying either a range of values or a range of
 indices for the desired eigenvalues.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only;
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRANGE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RANGE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'A': all eigenvalues will be found;
          = 'V': all eigenvalues in the half-open interval (VL,VU]
                 will be found;
          = 'I': the IL-th through IU-th eigenvalues will be found.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKD\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KD is INTEGER
          The number of superdiagonals of the matrix A if UPLO = 'U',
          or the number of subdiagonals if UPLO = 'L'.  KD >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDAB, N)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangle of the Hermitian band
          matrix A, stored in the first KD+1 rows of the array.  The
          j-th column of A is stored in the j-th column of the array AB
          as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(kd+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-kd)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)    = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+kd).

          On exit, AB is overwritten by values generated during the
          reduction to tridiagonal form.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= KD + 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDQ, N)
          If JOBZ = 'V', the N-by-N unitary matrix used in the
                          reduction to tridiagonal form.
          If JOBZ = 'N', the array Q is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Q.  If JOBZ = 'V', then
          LDQ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VL is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VU is REAL
          If RANGE='V', the lower and upper bounds of the interval to
          be searched for eigenvalues. VL < VU.
          Not referenced if RANGE = 'A' or 'I'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IL is INTEGER
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IU is INTEGER
          If RANGE='I', the indices (in ascending order) of the
          smallest and largest eigenvalues to be returned.
          1 <= IL <= IU <= N, if N > 0; IL = 1 and IU = 0 if N = 0.
          Not referenced if RANGE = 'A' or 'V'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIABSTOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ABSTOL is REAL
          The absolute error tolerance for the eigenvalues.
          An approximate eigenvalue is accepted as converged
          when it is determined to lie in an interval [a,b]
          of width less than or equal to

                  ABSTOL + EPS *   max( |a|,|b| ) ,

          where EPS is the machine precision.  If ABSTOL is less than
          or equal to zero, then  EPS*|T|  will be used in its place,
          where |T| is the 1-norm of the tridiagonal matrix obtained
          by reducing AB to tridiagonal form.

          Eigenvalues will be computed most accurately when ABSTOL is
          set to twice the underflow threshold 2*SLAMCH('S'), not zero.
          If this routine returns with INFO>0, indicating that some
          eigenvectors did not converge, try setting ABSTOL to
          2*SLAMCH('S').

          See "Computing Small Singular Values of Bidiagonal Matrices
          with Guaranteed High Relative Accuracy," by Demmel and
          Kahan, LAPACK Working Note #3.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The total number of eigenvalues found.  0 <= M <= N.
          If RANGE = 'A', M = N, and if RANGE = 'I', M = IU-IL+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The first M elements contain the selected eigenvalues in
          ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDZ, max(1,M))
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, the first M columns of Z
          contain the orthonormal eigenvectors of the matrix A
          corresponding to the selected eigenvalues, with the i-th
          column of Z holding the eigenvector associated with W(i).
          If an eigenvector fails to converge, then that column of Z
          contains the latest approximation to the eigenvector, and the
          index of the eigenvector is returned in IFAIL.
          If JOBZ = 'N', then Z is not referenced.
          Note: the user must ensure that at least max(1,M) columns are
          supplied in the array Z; if RANGE = 'V', the exact value of M
          is not known in advance and an upper bound must be used.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.  LDZ >= 1, and if
          JOBZ = 'V', LDZ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is REAL array, dimension (7*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (5*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIFAIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IFAIL is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, the first M elements of
          IFAIL are zero.  If INFO > 0, then IFAIL contains the
          indices of the eigenvectors that failed to converge.
          If JOBZ = 'N', then IFAIL is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, then i eigenvectors failed to converge.
                Their indices are stored in array IFAIL.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 259 of file chbevx\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
