.TH "chetd2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
chetd2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBchetd2\fP (UPLO, N, A, LDA, D, E, TAU, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCHETD2\fP reduces a Hermitian matrix to real symmetric tridiagonal form by an unitary similarity transformation (unblocked algorithm)\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine chetd2 (characterUPLO, integerN, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( * )D, real, dimension( * )E, complex, dimension( * )TAU, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBCHETD2\fP reduces a Hermitian matrix to real symmetric tridiagonal form by an unitary similarity transformation (unblocked algorithm)\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CHETD2 reduces a complex Hermitian matrix A to real symmetric
 tridiagonal form T by a unitary similarity transformation:
 Q**H * A * Q = T.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          Hermitian matrix A is stored:
          = 'U':  Upper triangular
          = 'L':  Lower triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the Hermitian matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          n-by-n upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading n-by-n lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.
          On exit, if UPLO = 'U', the diagonal and first superdiagonal
          of A are overwritten by the corresponding elements of the
          tridiagonal matrix T, and the elements above the first
          superdiagonal, with the array TAU, represent the unitary
          matrix Q as a product of elementary reflectors; if UPLO
          = 'L', the diagonal and first subdiagonal of A are over-
          written by the corresponding elements of the tridiagonal
          matrix T, and the elements below the first subdiagonal, with
          the array TAU, represent the unitary matrix Q as a product
          of elementary reflectors. See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The diagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix T:
          D(i) = A(i,i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          The off-diagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix T:
          E(i) = A(i,i+1) if UPLO = 'U', E(i) = A(i+1,i) if UPLO = 'L'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is COMPLEX array, dimension (N-1)
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors (see Further
          Details).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  If UPLO = 'U', the matrix Q is represented as a product of elementary
  reflectors

     Q = H(n-1) . . . H(2) H(1).

  Each H(i) has the form

     H(i) = I - tau * v * v**H

  where tau is a complex scalar, and v is a complex vector with
  v(i+1:n) = 0 and v(i) = 1; v(1:i-1) is stored on exit in
  A(1:i-1,i+1), and tau in TAU(i).

  If UPLO = 'L', the matrix Q is represented as a product of elementary
  reflectors

     Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(n-1).

  Each H(i) has the form

     H(i) = I - tau * v * v**H

  where tau is a complex scalar, and v is a complex vector with
  v(1:i) = 0 and v(i+1) = 1; v(i+2:n) is stored on exit in A(i+2:n,i),
  and tau in TAU(i).

  The contents of A on exit are illustrated by the following examples
  with n = 5:

  if UPLO = 'U':                       if UPLO = 'L':

    (  d   e   v2  v3  v4 )              (  d                  )
    (      d   e   v3  v4 )              (  e   d              )
    (          d   e   v4 )              (  v1  e   d          )
    (              d   e  )              (  v1  v2  e   d      )
    (                  d  )              (  v1  v2  v3  e   d  )

  where d and e denote diagonal and off-diagonal elements of T, and vi
  denotes an element of the vector defining H(i).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 176 of file chetd2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
