.TH "chpev.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
chpev.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBchpev\fP (JOBZ, UPLO, N, AP, W, Z, LDZ, WORK, RWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB CHPEV computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine chpev (characterJOBZ, characterUPLO, integerN, complex, dimension( * )AP, real, dimension( * )W, complex, dimension( ldz, * )Z, integerLDZ, complex, dimension( * )WORK, real, dimension( * )RWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB CHPEV computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CHPEV computes all the eigenvalues and, optionally, eigenvectors of a
 complex Hermitian matrix in packed storage.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only;
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AP is COMPLEX array, dimension (N*(N+1)/2)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangle of the Hermitian matrix
          A, packed columnwise in a linear array.  The j-th column of A
          is stored in the array AP as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AP(i + (j-1)*j/2) = A(i,j) for 1<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AP(i + (j-1)*(2*n-j)/2) = A(i,j) for j<=i<=n.

          On exit, AP is overwritten by values generated during the
          reduction to tridiagonal form.  If UPLO = 'U', the diagonal
          and first superdiagonal of the tridiagonal matrix T overwrite
          the corresponding elements of A, and if UPLO = 'L', the
          diagonal and first subdiagonal of T overwrite the
          corresponding elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is REAL array, dimension (N)
          If INFO = 0, the eigenvalues in ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDZ, N)
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, Z contains the orthonormal
          eigenvectors of the matrix A, with the i-th column of Z
          holding the eigenvector associated with W(i).
          If JOBZ = 'N', then Z is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.  LDZ >= 1, and if
          JOBZ = 'V', LDZ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (max(1, 2*N-1))
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is REAL array, dimension (max(1, 3*N-2))
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
          > 0:  if INFO = i, the algorithm failed to converge; i
                off-diagonal elements of an intermediate tridiagonal
                form did not converge to zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 138 of file chpev\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
