.TH "cla_syamv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cla_syamv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcla_syamv\fP (UPLO, N, ALPHA, A, LDA, X, INCX, BETA, Y, INCY)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCLA_SYAMV\fP computes a matrix-vector product using a symmetric indefinite matrix to calculate error bounds\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine cla_syamv (integerUPLO, integerN, realALPHA, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, complex, dimension( * )X, integerINCX, realBETA, real, dimension( * )Y, integerINCY)"

.PP
\fBCLA_SYAMV\fP computes a matrix-vector product using a symmetric indefinite matrix to calculate error bounds\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CLA_SYAMV  performs the matrix-vector operation

         y := alpha*abs(A)*abs(x) + beta*abs(y),

 where alpha and beta are scalars, x and y are vectors and A is an
 n by n symmetric matrix.

 This function is primarily used in calculating error bounds.
 To protect against underflow during evaluation, components in
 the resulting vector are perturbed away from zero by (N+1)
 times the underflow threshold.  To prevent unnecessarily large
 errors for block-structure embedded in general matrices,
 "symbolically" zero components are not perturbed.  A zero
 entry is considered "symbolic" if all multiplications involved
 in computing that entry have at least one zero multiplicand.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is INTEGER
           On entry, UPLO specifies whether the upper or lower
           triangular part of the array A is to be referenced as
           follows:

              UPLO = BLAS_UPPER   Only the upper triangular part of A
                                  is to be referenced.

              UPLO = BLAS_LOWER   Only the lower triangular part of A
                                  is to be referenced.

           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the number of columns of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is REAL .
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array of DIMENSION ( LDA, n ).
           Before entry, the leading m by n part of the array A must
           contain the matrix of coefficients.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           max( 1, n ).
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX array, dimension
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCX ) )
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the
           vector x.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is REAL .
           On entry, BETA specifies the scalar beta. When BETA is
           supplied as zero then Y need not be set on input.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is REAL array, dimension
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCY ) )
           Before entry with BETA non-zero, the incremented array Y
           must contain the vector y. On exit, Y is overwritten by the
           updated vector y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           Y. INCY must not be zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
  -- Modified for the absolute-value product, April 2006
     Jason Riedy, UC Berkeley
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 179 of file cla_syamv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
