.TH "clarfgp.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
clarfgp.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBclarfgp\fP (N, ALPHA, X, INCX, TAU)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCLARFGP\fP generates an elementary reflector (Householder matrix) with non-negatibe beta\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine clarfgp (integerN, complexALPHA, complex, dimension( * )X, integerINCX, complexTAU)"

.PP
\fBCLARFGP\fP generates an elementary reflector (Householder matrix) with non-negatibe beta\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CLARFGP generates a complex elementary reflector H of order n, such
 that

       H**H * ( alpha ) = ( beta ),   H**H * H = I.
              (   x   )   (   0  )

 where alpha and beta are scalars, beta is real and non-negative, and
 x is an (n-1)-element complex vector.  H is represented in the form

       H = I - tau * ( 1 ) * ( 1 v**H ) ,
                     ( v )

 where tau is a complex scalar and v is a complex (n-1)-element
 vector. Note that H is not hermitian.

 If the elements of x are all zero and alpha is real, then tau = 0
 and H is taken to be the unit matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the elementary reflector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX
          On entry, the value alpha.
          On exit, it is overwritten with the value beta.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX array, dimension
                         (1+(N-2)*abs(INCX))
          On entry, the vector x.
          On exit, it is overwritten with the vector v.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
          The increment between elements of X. INCX > 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is COMPLEX
          The value tau.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 105 of file clarfgp\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
