.TH "csrot.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
csrot.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcsrot\fP (N, CX, INCX, CY, INCY, C, S)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCSROT\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine csrot (integerN, complex, dimension( * )CX, integerINCX, complex, dimension( * )CY, integerINCY, realC, realS)"

.PP
\fBCSROT\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CSROT applies a plane rotation, where the cos and sin (c and s) are real
 and the vectors cx and cy are complex.
 jack dongarra, linpack, 3/11/78.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the vectors cx and cy.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CX is COMPLEX array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array CX must contain the n
           element vector cx. On exit, CX is overwritten by the updated
           vector cx.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           CX. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CY is COMPLEX array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array CY must contain the n
           element vector cy. On exit, CY is overwritten by the updated
           vector cy.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           CY. INCY must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is REAL
           On entry, C specifies the cosine, cos.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          S is REAL
           On entry, S specifies the sine, sin.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file csrot\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
