.TH "csyrfsx.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
csyrfsx.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcsyrfsx\fP (UPLO, EQUED, N, NRHS, A, LDA, AF, LDAF, IPIV, S, B, LDB, X, LDX, RCOND, BERR, N_ERR_BNDS, ERR_BNDS_NORM, ERR_BNDS_COMP, NPARAMS, PARAMS, WORK, RWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCSYRFSX\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine csyrfsx (characterUPLO, characterEQUED, integerN, integerNRHS, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, complex, dimension( ldaf, * )AF, integerLDAF, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, real, dimension( * )S, complex, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, complex, dimension( ldx, * )X, integerLDX, realRCOND, real, dimension( * )BERR, integerN_ERR_BNDS, real, dimension( nrhs, * )ERR_BNDS_NORM, real, dimension( nrhs, * )ERR_BNDS_COMP, integerNPARAMS, real, dimension( * )PARAMS, complex, dimension( * )WORK, real, dimension( * )RWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBCSYRFSX\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
    CSYRFSX improves the computed solution to a system of linear
    equations when the coefficient matrix is symmetric indefinite, and
    provides error bounds and backward error estimates for the
    solution.  In addition to normwise error bound, the code provides
    maximum componentwise error bound if possible.  See comments for
    ERR_BNDS_NORM and ERR_BNDS_COMP for details of the error bounds.

    The original system of linear equations may have been equilibrated
    before calling this routine, as described by arguments EQUED and S
    below. In this case, the solution and error bounds returned are
    for the original unequilibrated system.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
.nf
     Some optional parameters are bundled in the PARAMS array.  These
     settings determine how refinement is performed, but often the
     defaults are acceptable.  If the defaults are acceptable, users
     can pass NPARAMS = 0 which prevents the source code from accessing
     the PARAMS argument.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
       = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
       = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIEQUED\fP 
.PP
.nf
          EQUED is CHARACTER*1
     Specifies the form of equilibration that was done to A
     before calling this routine. This is needed to compute
     the solution and error bounds correctly.
       = 'N':  No equilibration
       = 'Y':  Both row and column equilibration, i.e., A has been
               replaced by diag(S) * A * diag(S).
               The right hand side B has been changed accordingly.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
     The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
     The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
     of the matrices B and X.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
     The symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading N-by-N
     upper triangular part of A contains the upper triangular
     part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower triangular
     part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the leading
     N-by-N lower triangular part of A contains the lower
     triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
     triangular part of A is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AF is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDAF,N)
     The factored form of the matrix A.  AF contains the block
     diagonal matrix D and the multipliers used to obtain the
     factor U or L from the factorization A = U*D*U**T or A =
     L*D*L**T as computed by SSYTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAF is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array AF.  LDAF >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
     Details of the interchanges and the block structure of D
     as determined by SSYTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          S is REAL array, dimension (N)
     The scale factors for A.  If EQUED = 'Y', A is multiplied on
     the left and right by diag(S).  S is an input argument if FACT =
     'F'; otherwise, S is an output argument.  If FACT = 'F' and EQUED
     = 'Y', each element of S must be positive.  If S is output, each
     element of S is a power of the radix. If S is input, each element
     of S should be a power of the radix to ensure a reliable solution
     and error estimates. Scaling by powers of the radix does not cause
     rounding errors unless the result underflows or overflows.
     Rounding errors during scaling lead to refining with a matrix that
     is not equivalent to the input matrix, producing error estimates
     that may not be reliable.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
     The right hand side matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDX,NRHS)
     On entry, the solution matrix X, as computed by SGETRS.
     On exit, the improved solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array X.  LDX >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRCOND\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RCOND is REAL
     Reciprocal scaled condition number.  This is an estimate of the
     reciprocal Skeel condition number of the matrix A after
     equilibration (if done).  If this is less than the machine
     precision (in particular, if it is zero), the matrix is singular
     to working precision.  Note that the error may still be small even
     if this number is very small and the matrix appears ill-
     conditioned.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BERR is REAL array, dimension (NRHS)
     Componentwise relative backward error.  This is the
     componentwise relative backward error of each solution vector X(j)
     (i.e., the smallest relative change in any element of A or B that
     makes X(j) an exact solution).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN_ERR_BNDS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N_ERR_BNDS is INTEGER
     Number of error bounds to return for each right hand side
     and each type (normwise or componentwise).  See ERR_BNDS_NORM and
     ERR_BNDS_COMP below.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIERR_BNDS_NORM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ERR_BNDS_NORM is REAL array, dimension (NRHS, N_ERR_BNDS)
     For each right-hand side, this array contains information about
     various error bounds and condition numbers corresponding to the
     normwise relative error, which is defined as follows:

     Normwise relative error in the ith solution vector:
             max_j (abs(XTRUE(j,i) - X(j,i)))
            ------------------------------
                  max_j abs(X(j,i))

     The array is indexed by the type of error information as described
     below. There currently are up to three pieces of information
     returned.

     The first index in ERR_BNDS_NORM(i,:) corresponds to the ith
     right-hand side.

     The second index in ERR_BNDS_NORM(:,err) contains the following
     three fields:
     err = 1 "Trust/don't trust" boolean. Trust the answer if the
              reciprocal condition number is less than the threshold
              sqrt(n) * slamch('Epsilon').

     err = 2 "Guaranteed" error bound: The estimated forward error,
              almost certainly within a factor of 10 of the true error
              so long as the next entry is greater than the threshold
              sqrt(n) * slamch('Epsilon'). This error bound should only
              be trusted if the previous boolean is true.

     err = 3  Reciprocal condition number: Estimated normwise
              reciprocal condition number.  Compared with the threshold
              sqrt(n) * slamch('Epsilon') to determine if the error
              estimate is "guaranteed". These reciprocal condition
              numbers are 1 / (norm(Z^{-1},inf) * norm(Z,inf)) for some
              appropriately scaled matrix Z.
              Let Z = S*A, where S scales each row by a power of the
              radix so all absolute row sums of Z are approximately 1.

     See Lapack Working Note 165 for further details and extra
     cautions.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIERR_BNDS_COMP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ERR_BNDS_COMP is REAL array, dimension (NRHS, N_ERR_BNDS)
     For each right-hand side, this array contains information about
     various error bounds and condition numbers corresponding to the
     componentwise relative error, which is defined as follows:

     Componentwise relative error in the ith solution vector:
                    abs(XTRUE(j,i) - X(j,i))
             max_j ----------------------
                         abs(X(j,i))

     The array is indexed by the right-hand side i (on which the
     componentwise relative error depends), and the type of error
     information as described below. There currently are up to three
     pieces of information returned for each right-hand side. If
     componentwise accuracy is not requested (PARAMS(3) = 0.0), then
     ERR_BNDS_COMP is not accessed.  If N_ERR_BNDS .LT. 3, then at most
     the first (:,N_ERR_BNDS) entries are returned.

     The first index in ERR_BNDS_COMP(i,:) corresponds to the ith
     right-hand side.

     The second index in ERR_BNDS_COMP(:,err) contains the following
     three fields:
     err = 1 "Trust/don't trust" boolean. Trust the answer if the
              reciprocal condition number is less than the threshold
              sqrt(n) * slamch('Epsilon').

     err = 2 "Guaranteed" error bound: The estimated forward error,
              almost certainly within a factor of 10 of the true error
              so long as the next entry is greater than the threshold
              sqrt(n) * slamch('Epsilon'). This error bound should only
              be trusted if the previous boolean is true.

     err = 3  Reciprocal condition number: Estimated componentwise
              reciprocal condition number.  Compared with the threshold
              sqrt(n) * slamch('Epsilon') to determine if the error
              estimate is "guaranteed". These reciprocal condition
              numbers are 1 / (norm(Z^{-1},inf) * norm(Z,inf)) for some
              appropriately scaled matrix Z.
              Let Z = S*(A*diag(x)), where x is the solution for the
              current right-hand side and S scales each row of
              A*diag(x) by a power of the radix so all absolute row
              sums of Z are approximately 1.

     See Lapack Working Note 165 for further details and extra
     cautions.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINPARAMS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NPARAMS is INTEGER
     Specifies the number of parameters set in PARAMS.  If .LE. 0, the
     PARAMS array is never referenced and default values are used.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPARAMS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PARAMS is REAL array, dimension NPARAMS
     Specifies algorithm parameters.  If an entry is .LT. 0.0, then
     that entry will be filled with default value used for that
     parameter.  Only positions up to NPARAMS are accessed; defaults
     are used for higher-numbered parameters.

       PARAMS(LA_LINRX_ITREF_I = 1) : Whether to perform iterative
            refinement or not.
         Default: 1.0
            = 0.0 : No refinement is performed, and no error bounds are
                    computed.
            = 1.0 : Use the double-precision refinement algorithm,
                    possibly with doubled-single computations if the
                    compilation environment does not support DOUBLE
                    PRECISION.
              (other values are reserved for future use)

       PARAMS(LA_LINRX_ITHRESH_I = 2) : Maximum number of residual
            computations allowed for refinement.
         Default: 10
         Aggressive: Set to 100 to permit convergence using approximate
                     factorizations or factorizations other than LU. If
                     the factorization uses a technique other than
                     Gaussian elimination, the guarantees in
                     err_bnds_norm and err_bnds_comp may no longer be
                     trustworthy.

       PARAMS(LA_LINRX_CWISE_I = 3) : Flag determining if the code
            will attempt to find a solution with small componentwise
            relative error in the double-precision algorithm.  Positive
            is true, 0.0 is false.
         Default: 1.0 (attempt componentwise convergence)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is REAL array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
       = 0:  Successful exit. The solution to every right-hand side is
         guaranteed.
       < 0:  If INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
       > 0 and <= N:  U(INFO,INFO) is exactly zero.  The factorization
         has been completed, but the factor U is exactly singular, so
         the solution and error bounds could not be computed. RCOND = 0
         is returned.
       = N+J: The solution corresponding to the Jth right-hand side is
         not guaranteed. The solutions corresponding to other right-
         hand sides K with K > J may not be guaranteed as well, but
         only the first such right-hand side is reported. If a small
         componentwise error is not requested (PARAMS(3) = 0.0) then
         the Jth right-hand side is the first with a normwise error
         bound that is not guaranteed (the smallest J such
         that ERR_BNDS_NORM(J,1) = 0.0). By default (PARAMS(3) = 1.0)
         the Jth right-hand side is the first with either a normwise or
         componentwise error bound that is not guaranteed (the smallest
         J such that either ERR_BNDS_NORM(J,1) = 0.0 or
         ERR_BNDS_COMP(J,1) = 0.0). See the definition of
         ERR_BNDS_NORM(:,1) and ERR_BNDS_COMP(:,1). To get information
         about all of the right-hand sides check ERR_BNDS_NORM or
         ERR_BNDS_COMP.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
April 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 400 of file csyrfsx\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
