.TH "ctbsv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ctbsv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBctbsv\fP (UPLO, TRANS, DIAG, N, K, A, LDA, X, INCX)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCTBSV\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine ctbsv (characterUPLO, characterTRANS, characterDIAG, integerN, integerK, complex, dimension(lda,*)A, integerLDA, complex, dimension(*)X, integerINCX)"

.PP
\fBCTBSV\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CTBSV  solves one of the systems of equations

    A*x = b,   or   A**T*x = b,   or   A**H*x = b,

 where b and x are n element vectors and A is an n by n unit, or
 non-unit, upper or lower triangular band matrix, with ( k + 1 )
 diagonals.

 No test for singularity or near-singularity is included in this
 routine. Such tests must be performed before calling this routine.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, UPLO specifies whether the matrix is an upper or
           lower triangular matrix as follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   A is an upper triangular matrix.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   A is a lower triangular matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, TRANS specifies the equations to be solved as
           follows:

              TRANS = 'N' or 'n'   A*x = b.

              TRANS = 'T' or 't'   A**T*x = b.

              TRANS = 'C' or 'c'   A**H*x = b.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, DIAG specifies whether or not A is unit
           triangular as follows:

              DIAG = 'U' or 'u'   A is assumed to be unit triangular.

              DIAG = 'N' or 'n'   A is not assumed to be unit
                                  triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
           On entry with UPLO = 'U' or 'u', K specifies the number of
           super-diagonals of the matrix A.
           On entry with UPLO = 'L' or 'l', K specifies the number of
           sub-diagonals of the matrix A.
           K must satisfy  0 .le. K.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array of DIMENSION ( LDA, n ).
           Before entry with UPLO = 'U' or 'u', the leading ( k + 1 )
           by n part of the array A must contain the upper triangular
           band part of the matrix of coefficients, supplied column by
           column, with the leading diagonal of the matrix in row
           ( k + 1 ) of the array, the first super-diagonal starting at
           position 2 in row k, and so on. The top left k by k triangle
           of the array A is not referenced.
           The following program segment will transfer an upper
           triangular band matrix from conventional full matrix storage
           to band storage:

                 DO 20, J = 1, N
                    M = K + 1 - J
                    DO 10, I = MAX( 1, J - K ), J
                       A( M + I, J ) = matrix( I, J )
              10    CONTINUE
              20 CONTINUE

           Before entry with UPLO = 'L' or 'l', the leading ( k + 1 )
           by n part of the array A must contain the lower triangular
           band part of the matrix of coefficients, supplied column by
           column, with the leading diagonal of the matrix in row 1 of
           the array, the first sub-diagonal starting at position 1 in
           row 2, and so on. The bottom right k by k triangle of the
           array A is not referenced.
           The following program segment will transfer a lower
           triangular band matrix from conventional full matrix storage
           to band storage:

                 DO 20, J = 1, N
                    M = 1 - J
                    DO 10, I = J, MIN( N, J + K )
                       A( M + I, J ) = matrix( I, J )
              10    CONTINUE
              20 CONTINUE

           Note that when DIAG = 'U' or 'u' the elements of the array A
           corresponding to the diagonal elements of the matrix are not
           referenced, but are assumed to be unity.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           ( k + 1 ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX array of dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the n
           element right-hand side vector b. On exit, X is overwritten
           with the solution vector x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 190 of file ctbsv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
