.TH "ctrsm.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ctrsm.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBctrsm\fP (SIDE, UPLO, TRANSA, DIAG, M, N, ALPHA, A, LDA, B, LDB)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCTRSM\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine ctrsm (characterSIDE, characterUPLO, characterTRANSA, characterDIAG, integerM, integerN, complexALPHA, complex, dimension(lda,*)A, integerLDA, complex, dimension(ldb,*)B, integerLDB)"

.PP
\fBCTRSM\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CTRSM  solves one of the matrix equations

    op( A )*X = alpha*B,   or   X*op( A ) = alpha*B,

 where alpha is a scalar, X and B are m by n matrices, A is a unit, or
 non-unit,  upper or lower triangular matrix  and  op( A )  is one  of

    op( A ) = A   or   op( A ) = A**T   or   op( A ) = A**H.

 The matrix X is overwritten on B.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, SIDE specifies whether op( A ) appears on the left
           or right of X as follows:

              SIDE = 'L' or 'l'   op( A )*X = alpha*B.

              SIDE = 'R' or 'r'   X*op( A ) = alpha*B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, UPLO specifies whether the matrix A is an upper or
           lower triangular matrix as follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   A is an upper triangular matrix.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   A is a lower triangular matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANSA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANSA is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, TRANSA specifies the form of op( A ) to be used in
           the matrix multiplication as follows:

              TRANSA = 'N' or 'n'   op( A ) = A.

              TRANSA = 'T' or 't'   op( A ) = A**T.

              TRANSA = 'C' or 'c'   op( A ) = A**H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, DIAG specifies whether or not A is unit triangular
           as follows:

              DIAG = 'U' or 'u'   A is assumed to be unit triangular.

              DIAG = 'N' or 'n'   A is not assumed to be unit
                                  triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
           On entry, M specifies the number of rows of B. M must be at
           least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the number of columns of B.  N must be
           at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX
           On entry,  ALPHA specifies the scalar  alpha. When  alpha is
           zero then  A is not referenced and  B need not be set before
           entry.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array of DIMENSION ( LDA, k ),
           where k is m when SIDE = 'L' or 'l'  
             and k is n when SIDE = 'R' or 'r'.
           Before entry  with  UPLO = 'U' or 'u',  the  leading  k by k
           upper triangular part of the array  A must contain the upper
           triangular matrix  and the strictly lower triangular part of
           A is not referenced.
           Before entry  with  UPLO = 'L' or 'l',  the  leading  k by k
           lower triangular part of the array  A must contain the lower
           triangular matrix  and the strictly upper triangular part of
           A is not referenced.
           Note that when  DIAG = 'U' or 'u',  the diagonal elements of
           A  are not referenced either,  but are assumed to be  unity.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program.  When  SIDE = 'L' or 'l'  then
           LDA  must be at least  max( 1, m ),  when  SIDE = 'R' or 'r'
           then LDA must be at least max( 1, n ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX array of DIMENSION ( LDB, n ).
           Before entry,  the leading  m by n part of the array  B must
           contain  the  right-hand  side  matrix  B,  and  on exit  is
           overwritten by the solution matrix  X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
           On entry, LDB specifies the first dimension of B as declared
           in  the  calling  (sub)  program.   LDB  must  be  at  least
           max( 1, m ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 3 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 8-February-1989.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Laboratory.
     Iain Duff, AERE Harwell.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd.
     Sven Hammarling, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 181 of file ctrsm\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
