.TH "ctrtri.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ctrtri.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBctrtri\fP (UPLO, DIAG, N, A, LDA, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCTRTRI\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine ctrtri (characterUPLO, characterDIAG, integerN, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBCTRTRI\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 CTRTRI computes the inverse of a complex upper or lower triangular
 matrix A.

 This is the Level 3 BLAS version of the algorithm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  A is upper triangular;
          = 'L':  A is lower triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  A is non-unit triangular;
          = 'U':  A is unit triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the triangular matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the
          leading N-by-N upper triangular part of the array A contains
          the upper triangular matrix, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading N-by-N lower triangular part of the array A contains
          the lower triangular matrix, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If DIAG = 'U', the
          diagonal elements of A are also not referenced and are
          assumed to be 1.
          On exit, the (triangular) inverse of the original matrix, in
          the same storage format.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0: if INFO = i, A(i,i) is exactly zero.  The triangular
               matrix is singular and its inverse can not be computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 110 of file ctrtri\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
