.TH "cunbdb5.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cunbdb5.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcunbdb5\fP (M1, M2, N, X1, INCX1, X2, INCX2, Q1, LDQ1, Q2, LDQ2, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCUNBDB5\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine cunbdb5 (integerM1, integerM2, integerN, complex, dimension(*)X1, integerINCX1, complex, dimension(*)X2, integerINCX2, complex, dimension(ldq1,*)Q1, integerLDQ1, complex, dimension(ldq2,*)Q2, integerLDQ2, complex, dimension(*)WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBCUNBDB5\fP .SH "Purpose:"
.PP
.PP
.PP
.nf
 CUNBDB5 orthogonalizes the column vector
      X = [ X1 ]
          [ X2 ]
 with respect to the columns of
      Q = [ Q1 ] .
          [ Q2 ]
 The columns of Q must be orthonormal.

 If the projection is zero according to Kahan's "twice is enough"
 criterion, then some other vector from the orthogonal complement
 is returned. This vector is chosen in an arbitrary but deterministic
 way..fi
.PP
 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M1 is INTEGER
           The dimension of X1 and the number of rows in Q1. 0 <= M1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M2 is INTEGER
           The dimension of X2 and the number of rows in Q2. 0 <= M2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           The number of columns in Q1 and Q2. 0 <= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X1 is COMPLEX array, dimension (M1)
           On entry, the top part of the vector to be orthogonalized.
           On exit, the top part of the projected vector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX1 is INTEGER
           Increment for entries of X1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X2 is COMPLEX array, dimension (M2)
           On entry, the bottom part of the vector to be
           orthogonalized. On exit, the bottom part of the projected
           vector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX2 is INTEGER
           Increment for entries of X2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q1 is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDQ1, N)
           The top part of the orthonormal basis matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ1 is INTEGER
           The leading dimension of Q1. LDQ1 >= M1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q2 is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDQ2, N)
           The bottom part of the orthonormal basis matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ2 is INTEGER
           The leading dimension of Q2. LDQ2 >= M2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (LWORK)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
           The dimension of the array WORK. LWORK >= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
           = 0:  successful exit.
           < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
July 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 156 of file cunbdb5\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
