.TH "cunmbr.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cunmbr.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBcunmbr\fP (VECT, SIDE, TRANS, M, N, K, A, LDA, TAU, C, LDC, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBCUNMBR\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine cunmbr (characterVECT, characterSIDE, characterTRANS, integerM, integerN, integerK, complex, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, complex, dimension( * )TAU, complex, dimension( ldc, * )C, integerLDC, complex, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBCUNMBR\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 If VECT = 'Q', CUNMBR overwrites the general complex M-by-N matrix C
 with
                 SIDE = 'L'     SIDE = 'R'
 TRANS = 'N':      Q * C          C * Q
 TRANS = 'C':      Q**H * C       C * Q**H

 If VECT = 'P', CUNMBR overwrites the general complex M-by-N matrix C
 with
                 SIDE = 'L'     SIDE = 'R'
 TRANS = 'N':      P * C          C * P
 TRANS = 'C':      P**H * C       C * P**H

 Here Q and P**H are the unitary matrices determined by CGEBRD when
 reducing a complex matrix A to bidiagonal form: A = Q * B * P**H. Q
 and P**H are defined as products of elementary reflectors H(i) and
 G(i) respectively.

 Let nq = m if SIDE = 'L' and nq = n if SIDE = 'R'. Thus nq is the
 order of the unitary matrix Q or P**H that is applied.

 If VECT = 'Q', A is assumed to have been an NQ-by-K matrix:
 if nq >= k, Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(k);
 if nq < k, Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(nq-1).

 If VECT = 'P', A is assumed to have been a K-by-NQ matrix:
 if k < nq, P = G(1) G(2) . . . G(k);
 if k >= nq, P = G(1) G(2) . . . G(nq-1).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIVECT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VECT is CHARACTER*1
          = 'Q': apply Q or Q**H;
          = 'P': apply P or P**H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply Q, Q**H, P or P**H from the Left;
          = 'R': apply Q, Q**H, P or P**H from the Right.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  No transpose, apply Q or P;
          = 'C':  Conjugate transpose, apply Q**H or P**H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix C. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          If VECT = 'Q', the number of columns in the original
          matrix reduced by CGEBRD.
          If VECT = 'P', the number of rows in the original
          matrix reduced by CGEBRD.
          K >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX array, dimension
                                (LDA,min(nq,K)) if VECT = 'Q'
                                (LDA,nq)        if VECT = 'P'
          The vectors which define the elementary reflectors H(i) and
          G(i), whose products determine the matrices Q and P, as
          returned by CGEBRD.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.
          If VECT = 'Q', LDA >= max(1,nq);
          if VECT = 'P', LDA >= max(1,min(nq,K)).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is COMPLEX array, dimension (min(nq,K))
          TAU(i) must contain the scalar factor of the elementary
          reflector H(i) or G(i) which determines Q or P, as returned
          by CGEBRD in the array argument TAUQ or TAUP.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX array, dimension (LDC,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by Q*C or Q**H*C or C*Q**H or C*Q
          or P*C or P**H*C or C*P or C*P**H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C. LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK.
          If SIDE = 'L', LWORK >= max(1,N);
          if SIDE = 'R', LWORK >= max(1,M);
          if N = 0 or M = 0, LWORK >= 1.
          For optimum performance LWORK >= max(1,N*NB) if SIDE = 'L',
          and LWORK >= max(1,M*NB) if SIDE = 'R', where NB is the
          optimal blocksize. (NB = 0 if M = 0 or N = 0.)

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 197 of file cunmbr\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
