.TH "dgebak.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dgebak.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdgebak\fP (JOB, SIDE, N, ILO, IHI, SCALE, M, V, LDV, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDGEBAK\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dgebak (characterJOB, characterSIDE, integerN, integerILO, integerIHI, double precision, dimension( * )SCALE, integerM, double precision, dimension( ldv, * )V, integerLDV, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDGEBAK\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DGEBAK forms the right or left eigenvectors of a real general matrix
 by backward transformation on the computed eigenvectors of the
 balanced matrix output by DGEBAL.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOB is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the type of backward transformation required:
          = 'N', do nothing, return immediately;
          = 'P', do backward transformation for permutation only;
          = 'S', do backward transformation for scaling only;
          = 'B', do backward transformations for both permutation and
                 scaling.
          JOB must be the same as the argument JOB supplied to DGEBAL.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'R':  V contains right eigenvectors;
          = 'L':  V contains left eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix V.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIILO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ILO is INTEGER
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIHI\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IHI is INTEGER
          The integers ILO and IHI determined by DGEBAL.
          1 <= ILO <= IHI <= N, if N > 0; ILO=1 and IHI=0, if N=0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISCALE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SCALE is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          Details of the permutation and scaling factors, as returned
          by DGEBAL.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix V.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDV,M)
          On entry, the matrix of right or left eigenvectors to be
          transformed, as returned by DHSEIN or DTREVC.
          On exit, V is overwritten by the transformed eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDV is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array V. LDV >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 130 of file dgebak\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
