.TH "dger.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dger.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdger\fP (M, N, ALPHA, X, INCX, Y, INCY, A, LDA)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDGER\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dger (integerM, integerN, double precisionALPHA, double precision, dimension(*)X, integerINCX, double precision, dimension(*)Y, integerINCY, double precision, dimension(lda,*)A, integerLDA)"

.PP
\fBDGER\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DGER   performs the rank 1 operation

    A := alpha*x*y**T + A,

 where alpha is a scalar, x is an m element vector, y is an n element
 vector and A is an m by n matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
           On entry, M specifies the number of rows of the matrix A.
           M must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the number of columns of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is DOUBLE PRECISION.
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is DOUBLE PRECISION array of dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( m - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the m
           element vector x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is DOUBLE PRECISION array of dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array Y must contain the n
           element vector y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           Y. INCY must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array of DIMENSION ( LDA, n ).
           Before entry, the leading m by n part of the array A must
           contain the matrix of coefficients. On exit, A is
           overwritten by the updated matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           max( 1, m ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file dger\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
