.TH "dgtrfs.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dgtrfs.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdgtrfs\fP (TRANS, N, NRHS, DL, D, DU, DLF, DF, DUF, DU2, IPIV, B, LDB, X, LDX, FERR, BERR, WORK, IWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDGTRFS\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dgtrfs (characterTRANS, integerN, integerNRHS, double precision, dimension( * )DL, double precision, dimension( * )D, double precision, dimension( * )DU, double precision, dimension( * )DLF, double precision, dimension( * )DF, double precision, dimension( * )DUF, double precision, dimension( * )DU2, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, double precision, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, double precision, dimension( ldx, * )X, integerLDX, double precision, dimension( * )FERR, double precision, dimension( * )BERR, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, integer, dimension( * )IWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDGTRFS\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DGTRFS improves the computed solution to a system of linear
 equations when the coefficient matrix is tridiagonal, and provides
 error bounds and backward error estimates for the solution.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the form of the system of equations:
          = 'N':  A * X = B     (No transpose)
          = 'T':  A**T * X = B  (Transpose)
          = 'C':  A**H * X = B  (Conjugate transpose = Transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DL is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) subdiagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          The diagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DU is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) superdiagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDLF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DLF is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) multipliers that define the matrix L from the
          LU factorization of A as computed by DGTTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DF is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          The n diagonal elements of the upper triangular matrix U from
          the LU factorization of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDUF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DUF is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) elements of the first superdiagonal of U.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDU2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DU2 is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N-2)
          The (n-2) elements of the second superdiagonal of U.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= i <= n, row i of the matrix was
          interchanged with row IPIV(i).  IPIV(i) will always be either
          i or i+1; IPIV(i) = i indicates a row interchange was not
          required.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          The right hand side matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDX,NRHS)
          On entry, the solution matrix X, as computed by DGTTRS.
          On exit, the improved solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array X.  LDX >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIFERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          FERR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NRHS)
          The estimated forward error bound for each solution vector
          X(j) (the j-th column of the solution matrix X).
          If XTRUE is the true solution corresponding to X(j), FERR(j)
          is an estimated upper bound for the magnitude of the largest
          element in (X(j) - XTRUE) divided by the magnitude of the
          largest element in X(j).  The estimate is as reliable as
          the estimate for RCOND, and is almost always a slight
          overestimate of the true error.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BERR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NRHS)
          The componentwise relative backward error of each solution
          vector X(j) (i.e., the smallest relative change in
          any element of A or B that makes X(j) an exact solution).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (3*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBInternal Parameters: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  ITMAX is the maximum number of steps of iterative refinement.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 208 of file dgtrfs\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
