.TH "dlaexc.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlaexc.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlaexc\fP (WANTQ, N, T, LDT, Q, LDQ, J1, N1, N2, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAEXC\fP swaps adjacent diagonal blocks of a real upper quasi-triangular matrix in Schur canonical form, by an orthogonal similarity transformation\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlaexc (logicalWANTQ, integerN, double precision, dimension( ldt, * )T, integerLDT, double precision, dimension( ldq, * )Q, integerLDQ, integerJ1, integerN1, integerN2, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDLAEXC\fP swaps adjacent diagonal blocks of a real upper quasi-triangular matrix in Schur canonical form, by an orthogonal similarity transformation\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAEXC swaps adjacent diagonal blocks T11 and T22 of order 1 or 2 in
 an upper quasi-triangular matrix T by an orthogonal similarity
 transformation.

 T must be in Schur canonical form, that is, block upper triangular
 with 1-by-1 and 2-by-2 diagonal blocks; each 2-by-2 diagonal block
 has its diagonal elemnts equal and its off-diagonal elements of
 opposite sign.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIWANTQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WANTQ is LOGICAL
          = .TRUE. : accumulate the transformation in the matrix Q;
          = .FALSE.: do not accumulate the transformation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix T. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDT,N)
          On entry, the upper quasi-triangular matrix T, in Schur
          canonical form.
          On exit, the updated matrix T, again in Schur canonical form.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T. LDT >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDQ,N)
          On entry, if WANTQ is .TRUE., the orthogonal matrix Q.
          On exit, if WANTQ is .TRUE., the updated matrix Q.
          If WANTQ is .FALSE., Q is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Q.
          LDQ >= 1; and if WANTQ is .TRUE., LDQ >= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIJ1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          J1 is INTEGER
          The index of the first row of the first block T11.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N1 is INTEGER
          The order of the first block T11. N1 = 0, 1 or 2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N2 is INTEGER
          The order of the second block T22. N2 = 0, 1 or 2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          = 1: the transformed matrix T would be too far from Schur
               form; the blocks are not swapped and T and Q are
               unchanged.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 138 of file dlaexc\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
