.TH "dlaeda.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlaeda.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlaeda\fP (N, TLVLS, CURLVL, CURPBM, PRMPTR, PERM, GIVPTR, GIVCOL, GIVNUM, Q, QPTR, Z, ZTEMP, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAEDA\fP used by sstedc\&. Computes the Z vector determining the rank-one modification of the diagonal matrix\&. Used when the original matrix is dense\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlaeda (integerN, integerTLVLS, integerCURLVL, integerCURPBM, integer, dimension( * )PRMPTR, integer, dimension( * )PERM, integer, dimension( * )GIVPTR, integer, dimension( 2, * )GIVCOL, double precision, dimension( 2, * )GIVNUM, double precision, dimension( * )Q, integer, dimension( * )QPTR, double precision, dimension( * )Z, double precision, dimension( * )ZTEMP, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDLAEDA\fP used by sstedc\&. Computes the Z vector determining the rank-one modification of the diagonal matrix\&. Used when the original matrix is dense\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAEDA computes the Z vector corresponding to the merge step in the
 CURLVLth step of the merge process with TLVLS steps for the CURPBMth
 problem.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
         The dimension of the symmetric tridiagonal matrix.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITLVLS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TLVLS is INTEGER
         The total number of merging levels in the overall divide and
         conquer tree.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICURLVL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CURLVL is INTEGER
         The current level in the overall merge routine,
         0 <= curlvl <= tlvls.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICURPBM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CURPBM is INTEGER
         The current problem in the current level in the overall
         merge routine (counting from upper left to lower right).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPRMPTR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PRMPTR is INTEGER array, dimension (N lg N)
         Contains a list of pointers which indicate where in PERM a
         level's permutation is stored.  PRMPTR(i+1) - PRMPTR(i)
         indicates the size of the permutation and incidentally the
         size of the full, non-deflated problem.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPERM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PERM is INTEGER array, dimension (N lg N)
         Contains the permutations (from deflation and sorting) to be
         applied to each eigenblock.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIGIVPTR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          GIVPTR is INTEGER array, dimension (N lg N)
         Contains a list of pointers which indicate where in GIVCOL a
         level's Givens rotations are stored.  GIVPTR(i+1) - GIVPTR(i)
         indicates the number of Givens rotations.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIGIVCOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          GIVCOL is INTEGER array, dimension (2, N lg N)
         Each pair of numbers indicates a pair of columns to take place
         in a Givens rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIGIVNUM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          GIVNUM is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (2, N lg N)
         Each number indicates the S value to be used in the
         corresponding Givens rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N**2)
         Contains the square eigenblocks from previous levels, the
         starting positions for blocks are given by QPTR.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQPTR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          QPTR is INTEGER array, dimension (N+2)
         Contains a list of pointers which indicate where in Q an
         eigenblock is stored.  SQRT( QPTR(i+1) - QPTR(i) ) indicates
         the size of the block.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
         On output this vector contains the updating vector (the last
         row of the first sub-eigenvector matrix and the first row of
         the second sub-eigenvector matrix).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZTEMP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ZTEMP is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Jeff Rutter, Computer Science Division, University of California at Berkeley, USA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 166 of file dlaeda\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
