.TH "dlaed9.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlaed9.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlaed9\fP (K, KSTART, KSTOP, N, D, Q, LDQ, RHO, DLAMDA, W, S, LDS, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAED9\fP used by sstedc\&. Finds the roots of the secular equation and updates the eigenvectors\&. Used when the original matrix is dense\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlaed9 (integerK, integerKSTART, integerKSTOP, integerN, double precision, dimension( * )D, double precision, dimension( ldq, * )Q, integerLDQ, double precisionRHO, double precision, dimension( * )DLAMDA, double precision, dimension( * )W, double precision, dimension( lds, * )S, integerLDS, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDLAED9\fP used by sstedc\&. Finds the roots of the secular equation and updates the eigenvectors\&. Used when the original matrix is dense\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAED9 finds the roots of the secular equation, as defined by the
 values in D, Z, and RHO, between KSTART and KSTOP.  It makes the
 appropriate calls to DLAED4 and then stores the new matrix of
 eigenvectors for use in calculating the next level of Z vectors.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of terms in the rational function to be solved by
          DLAED4.  K >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKSTART\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KSTART is INTEGER
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKSTOP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KSTOP is INTEGER
          The updated eigenvalues Lambda(I), KSTART <= I <= KSTOP
          are to be computed.  1 <= KSTART <= KSTOP <= K.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of rows and columns in the Q matrix.
          N >= K (delation may result in N > K).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          D(I) contains the updated eigenvalues
          for KSTART <= I <= KSTOP.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDQ,N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Q.  LDQ >= max( 1, N ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRHO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RHO is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The value of the parameter in the rank one update equation.
          RHO >= 0 required.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDLAMDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DLAMDA is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (K)
          The first K elements of this array contain the old roots
          of the deflated updating problem.  These are the poles
          of the secular equation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (K)
          The first K elements of this array contain the components
          of the deflation-adjusted updating vector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          S is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDS, K)
          Will contain the eigenvectors of the repaired matrix which
          will be stored for subsequent Z vector calculation and
          multiplied by the previously accumulated eigenvectors
          to update the system.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDS is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of S.  LDS >= max( 1, K ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
          > 0:  if INFO = 1, an eigenvalue did not converge
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Jeff Rutter, Computer Science Division, University of California at Berkeley, USA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 156 of file dlaed9\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
