.TH "dlaein.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlaein.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlaein\fP (RIGHTV, NOINIT, N, H, LDH, WR, WI, VR, VI, B, LDB, WORK, EPS3, SMLNUM, BIGNUM, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAEIN\fP computes a specified right or left eigenvector of an upper Hessenberg matrix by inverse iteration\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlaein (logicalRIGHTV, logicalNOINIT, integerN, double precision, dimension( ldh, * )H, integerLDH, double precisionWR, double precisionWI, double precision, dimension( * )VR, double precision, dimension( * )VI, double precision, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, double precisionEPS3, double precisionSMLNUM, double precisionBIGNUM, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDLAEIN\fP computes a specified right or left eigenvector of an upper Hessenberg matrix by inverse iteration\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAEIN uses inverse iteration to find a right or left eigenvector
 corresponding to the eigenvalue (WR,WI) of a real upper Hessenberg
 matrix H.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIRIGHTV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RIGHTV is LOGICAL
          = .TRUE. : compute right eigenvector;
          = .FALSE.: compute left eigenvector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINOINIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NOINIT is LOGICAL
          = .TRUE. : no initial vector supplied in (VR,VI).
          = .FALSE.: initial vector supplied in (VR,VI).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix H.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIH\fP 
.PP
.nf
          H is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDH,N)
          The upper Hessenberg matrix H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDH\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDH is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array H.  LDH >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WR is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWI\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WI is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The real and imaginary parts of the eigenvalue of H whose
          corresponding right or left eigenvector is to be computed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVI\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VI is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          On entry, if NOINIT = .FALSE. and WI = 0.0, VR must contain
          a real starting vector for inverse iteration using the real
          eigenvalue WR; if NOINIT = .FALSE. and WI.ne.0.0, VR and VI
          must contain the real and imaginary parts of a complex
          starting vector for inverse iteration using the complex
          eigenvalue (WR,WI); otherwise VR and VI need not be set.
          On exit, if WI = 0.0 (real eigenvalue), VR contains the
          computed real eigenvector; if WI.ne.0.0 (complex eigenvalue),
          VR and VI contain the real and imaginary parts of the
          computed complex eigenvector. The eigenvector is normalized
          so that the component of largest magnitude has magnitude 1;
          here the magnitude of a complex number (x,y) is taken to be
          |x| + |y|.
          VI is not referenced if WI = 0.0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDB,N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= N+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIEPS3\fP 
.PP
.nf
          EPS3 is DOUBLE PRECISION
          A small machine-dependent value which is used to perturb
          close eigenvalues, and to replace zero pivots.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISMLNUM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SMLNUM is DOUBLE PRECISION
          A machine-dependent value close to the underflow threshold.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBIGNUM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BIGNUM is DOUBLE PRECISION
          A machine-dependent value close to the overflow threshold.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          = 1:  inverse iteration did not converge; VR is set to the
                last iterate, and so is VI if WI.ne.0.0.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 172 of file dlaein\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
