.TH "dlahrd.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlahrd.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlahrd\fP (N, K, NB, A, LDA, TAU, T, LDT, Y, LDY)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAHRD\fP reduces the first nb columns of a general rectangular matrix A so that elements below the k-th subdiagonal are zero, and returns auxiliary matrices which are needed to apply the transformation to the unreduced part of A\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlahrd (integerN, integerK, integerNB, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precision, dimension( nb )TAU, double precision, dimension( ldt, nb )T, integerLDT, double precision, dimension( ldy, nb )Y, integerLDY)"

.PP
\fBDLAHRD\fP reduces the first nb columns of a general rectangular matrix A so that elements below the k-th subdiagonal are zero, and returns auxiliary matrices which are needed to apply the transformation to the unreduced part of A\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAHRD reduces the first NB columns of a real general n-by-(n-k+1)
 matrix A so that elements below the k-th subdiagonal are zero. The
 reduction is performed by an orthogonal similarity transformation
 Q**T * A * Q. The routine returns the matrices V and T which determine
 Q as a block reflector I - V*T*V**T, and also the matrix Y = A * V * T.

 This is an OBSOLETE auxiliary routine. 
 This routine will be 'deprecated' in a  future release.
 Please use the new routine DLAHR2 instead.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The offset for the reduction. Elements below the k-th
          subdiagonal in the first NB columns are reduced to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NB is INTEGER
          The number of columns to be reduced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N-K+1)
          On entry, the n-by-(n-k+1) general matrix A.
          On exit, the elements on and above the k-th subdiagonal in
          the first NB columns are overwritten with the corresponding
          elements of the reduced matrix; the elements below the k-th
          subdiagonal, with the array TAU, represent the matrix Q as a
          product of elementary reflectors. The other columns of A are
          unchanged. See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NB)
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors. See Further
          Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDT,NB)
          The upper triangular matrix T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T.  LDT >= NB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDY,NB)
          The n-by-nb matrix Y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDY is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Y. LDY >= N.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The matrix Q is represented as a product of nb elementary reflectors

     Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(nb).

  Each H(i) has the form

     H(i) = I - tau * v * v**T

  where tau is a real scalar, and v is a real vector with
  v(1:i+k-1) = 0, v(i+k) = 1; v(i+k+1:n) is stored on exit in
  A(i+k+1:n,i), and tau in TAU(i).

  The elements of the vectors v together form the (n-k+1)-by-nb matrix
  V which is needed, with T and Y, to apply the transformation to the
  unreduced part of the matrix, using an update of the form:
  A := (I - V*T*V**T) * (A - Y*V**T).

  The contents of A on exit are illustrated by the following example
  with n = 7, k = 3 and nb = 2:

     ( a   h   a   a   a )
     ( a   h   a   a   a )
     ( a   h   a   a   a )
     ( h   h   a   a   a )
     ( v1  h   a   a   a )
     ( v1  v2  a   a   a )
     ( v1  v2  a   a   a )

  where a denotes an element of the original matrix A, h denotes a
  modified element of the upper Hessenberg matrix H, and vi denotes an
  element of the vector defining H(i).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 170 of file dlahrd\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
