.TH "dlaisnan.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlaisnan.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "LOGICAL function \fBdlaisnan\fP (DIN1, DIN2)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAISNAN\fP tests input for NaN by comparing two arguments for inequality\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "LOGICAL function dlaisnan (double precisionDIN1, double precisionDIN2)"

.PP
\fBDLAISNAN\fP tests input for NaN by comparing two arguments for inequality\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 This routine is not for general use.  It exists solely to avoid
 over-optimization in DISNAN.

 DLAISNAN checks for NaNs by comparing its two arguments for
 inequality.  NaN is the only floating-point value where NaN != NaN
 returns .TRUE.  To check for NaNs, pass the same variable as both
 arguments.

 A compiler must assume that the two arguments are
 not the same variable, and the test will not be optimized away.
 Interprocedural or whole-program optimization may delete this
 test.  The ISNAN functions will be replaced by the correct
 Fortran 03 intrinsic once the intrinsic is widely available.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIDIN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIN1 is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIN2 is DOUBLE PRECISION
          Two numbers to compare for inequality.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file dlaisnan\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
