.TH "dlantr.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlantr.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "DOUBLE PRECISION function \fBdlantr\fP (NORM, UPLO, DIAG, M, N, A, LDA, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLANTR\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a trapezoidal or triangular matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DOUBLE PRECISION function dlantr (characterNORM, characterUPLO, characterDIAG, integerM, integerN, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precision, dimension( * )WORK)"

.PP
\fBDLANTR\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a trapezoidal or triangular matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLANTR  returns the value of the one norm,  or the Frobenius norm, or
 the  infinity norm,  or the  element of  largest absolute value  of a
 trapezoidal or triangular matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
DLANTR 
.PP
.nf
    DLANTR = ( max(abs(A(i,j))), NORM = 'M' or 'm'
             (
             ( norm1(A),         NORM = '1', 'O' or 'o'
             (
             ( normI(A),         NORM = 'I' or 'i'
             (
             ( normF(A),         NORM = 'F', 'f', 'E' or 'e'

 where  norm1  denotes the  one norm of a matrix (maximum column sum),
 normI  denotes the  infinity norm  of a matrix  (maximum row sum) and
 normF  denotes the  Frobenius norm of a matrix (square root of sum of
 squares).  Note that  max(abs(A(i,j)))  is not a consistent matrix norm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fINORM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NORM is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the value to be returned in DLANTR as described
          above.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the matrix A is upper or lower trapezoidal.
          = 'U':  Upper trapezoidal
          = 'L':  Lower trapezoidal
          Note that A is triangular instead of trapezoidal if M = N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether or not the matrix A has unit diagonal.
          = 'N':  Non-unit diagonal
          = 'U':  Unit diagonal
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0, and if
          UPLO = 'U', M <= N.  When M = 0, DLANTR is set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0, and if
          UPLO = 'L', N <= M.  When N = 0, DLANTR is set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          The trapezoidal matrix A (A is triangular if M = N).
          If UPLO = 'U', the leading m by n upper trapezoidal part of
          the array A contains the upper trapezoidal matrix, and the
          strictly lower triangular part of A is not referenced.
          If UPLO = 'L', the leading m by n lower trapezoidal part of
          the array A contains the lower trapezoidal matrix, and the
          strictly upper triangular part of A is not referenced.  Note
          that when DIAG = 'U', the diagonal elements of A are not
          referenced and are assumed to be one.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(M,1).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK)),
          where LWORK >= M when NORM = 'I'; otherwise, WORK is not
          referenced.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 141 of file dlantr\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
