.TH "dlaqtr.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlaqtr.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlaqtr\fP (LTRAN, LREAL, N, T, LDT, B, W, SCALE, X, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAQTR\fP solves a real quasi-triangular system of equations, or a complex quasi-triangular system of special form, in real arithmetic\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlaqtr (logicalLTRAN, logicalLREAL, integerN, double precision, dimension( ldt, * )T, integerLDT, double precision, dimension( * )B, double precisionW, double precisionSCALE, double precision, dimension( * )X, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDLAQTR\fP solves a real quasi-triangular system of equations, or a complex quasi-triangular system of special form, in real arithmetic\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAQTR solves the real quasi-triangular system

              op(T)*p = scale*c,               if LREAL = .TRUE.

 or the complex quasi-triangular systems

            op(T + iB)*(p+iq) = scale*(c+id),  if LREAL = .FALSE.

 in real arithmetic, where T is upper quasi-triangular.
 If LREAL = .FALSE., then the first diagonal block of T must be
 1 by 1, B is the specially structured matrix

                B = [ b(1) b(2) ... b(n) ]
                    [       w            ]
                    [           w        ]
                    [              .     ]
                    [                 w  ]

 op(A) = A or A**T, A**T denotes the transpose of
 matrix A.

 On input, X = [ c ].  On output, X = [ p ].
               [ d ]                  [ q ]

 This subroutine is designed for the condition number estimation
 in routine DTRSNA.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fILTRAN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LTRAN is LOGICAL
          On entry, LTRAN specifies the option of conjugate transpose:
             = .FALSE.,    op(T+i*B) = T+i*B,
             = .TRUE.,     op(T+i*B) = (T+i*B)**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILREAL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LREAL is LOGICAL
          On entry, LREAL specifies the input matrix structure:
             = .FALSE.,    the input is complex
             = .TRUE.,     the input is real
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          On entry, N specifies the order of T+i*B. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDT,N)
          On entry, T contains a matrix in Schur canonical form.
          If LREAL = .FALSE., then the first diagonal block of T mu
          be 1 by 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the matrix T. LDT >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          On entry, B contains the elements to form the matrix
          B as described above.
          If LREAL = .TRUE., B is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is DOUBLE PRECISION
          On entry, W is the diagonal element of the matrix B.
          If LREAL = .TRUE., W is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISCALE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SCALE is DOUBLE PRECISION
          On exit, SCALE is the scale factor.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (2*N)
          On entry, X contains the right hand side of the system.
          On exit, X is overwritten by the solution.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          On exit, INFO is set to
             0: successful exit.
               1: the some diagonal 1 by 1 block has been perturbed by
                  a small number SMIN to keep nonsingularity.
               2: the some diagonal 2 by 2 block has been perturbed by
                  a small number in DLALN2 to keep nonsingularity.
          NOTE: In the interests of speed, this routine does not
                check the inputs for errors.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 165 of file dlaqtr\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
