.TH "dlaqsb.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlaqsb.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlaqsb\fP (UPLO, N, KD, AB, LDAB, S, SCOND, AMAX, EQUED)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAQSB\fP scales a symmetric/Hermitian band matrix, using scaling factors computed by spbequ\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlaqsb (characterUPLO, integerN, integerKD, double precision, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, double precision, dimension( * )S, double precisionSCOND, double precisionAMAX, characterEQUED)"

.PP
\fBDLAQSB\fP scales a symmetric/Hermitian band matrix, using scaling factors computed by spbequ\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAQSB equilibrates a symmetric band matrix A using the scaling
 factors in the vector S.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          symmetric matrix A is stored.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular
          = 'L':  Lower triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKD\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KD is INTEGER
          The number of super-diagonals of the matrix A if UPLO = 'U',
          or the number of sub-diagonals if UPLO = 'L'.  KD >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDAB,N)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangle of the symmetric band
          matrix A, stored in the first KD+1 rows of the array.  The
          j-th column of A is stored in the j-th column of the array AB
          as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(kd+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-kd)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)    = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+kd).

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the triangular factor U or L from the
          Cholesky factorization A = U**T*U or A = L*L**T of the band
          matrix A, in the same storage format as A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= KD+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          S is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          The scale factors for A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISCOND\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SCOND is DOUBLE PRECISION
          Ratio of the smallest S(i) to the largest S(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAMAX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AMAX is DOUBLE PRECISION
          Absolute value of largest matrix entry.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIEQUED\fP 
.PP
.nf
          EQUED is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether or not equilibration was done.
          = 'N':  No equilibration.
          = 'Y':  Equilibration was done, i.e., A has been replaced by
                  diag(S) * A * diag(S).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBInternal Parameters: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  THRESH is a threshold value used to decide if scaling should be done
  based on the ratio of the scaling factors.  If SCOND < THRESH,
  scaling is done.

  LARGE and SMALL are threshold values used to decide if scaling should
  be done based on the absolute size of the largest matrix element.
  If AMAX > LARGE or AMAX < SMALL, scaling is done.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 141 of file dlaqsb\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
