.TH "dlarra.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlarra.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlarra\fP (N, D, E, E2, SPLTOL, TNRM, NSPLIT, ISPLIT, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLARRA\fP computes the splitting points with the specified threshold\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlarra (integerN, double precision, dimension( * )D, double precision, dimension( * )E, double precision, dimension( * )E2, double precisionSPLTOL, double precisionTNRM, integerNSPLIT, integer, dimension( * )ISPLIT, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDLARRA\fP computes the splitting points with the specified threshold\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 Compute the splitting points with threshold SPLTOL.
 DLARRA sets any "small" off-diagonal elements to zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix. N > 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          On entry, the N diagonal elements of the tridiagonal
          matrix T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          On entry, the first (N-1) entries contain the subdiagonal
          elements of the tridiagonal matrix T; E(N) need not be set.
          On exit, the entries E( ISPLIT( I ) ), 1 <= I <= NSPLIT,
          are set to zero, the other entries of E are untouched.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E2 is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          On entry, the first (N-1) entries contain the SQUARES of the
          subdiagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix T;
          E2(N) need not be set.
          On exit, the entries E2( ISPLIT( I ) ),
          1 <= I <= NSPLIT, have been set to zero
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISPLTOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SPLTOL is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The threshold for splitting. Two criteria can be used:
          SPLTOL<0 : criterion based on absolute off-diagonal value
          SPLTOL>0 : criterion that preserves relative accuracy
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITNRM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TNRM is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The norm of the matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINSPLIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NSPLIT is INTEGER
          The number of blocks T splits into. 1 <= NSPLIT <= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIISPLIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ISPLIT is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          The splitting points, at which T breaks up into blocks.
          The first block consists of rows/columns 1 to ISPLIT(1),
          the second of rows/columns ISPLIT(1)+1 through ISPLIT(2),
          etc., and the NSPLIT-th consists of rows/columns
          ISPLIT(NSPLIT-1)+1 through ISPLIT(NSPLIT)=N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Beresford Parlett, University of California, Berkeley, USA 
.br
 Jim Demmel, University of California, Berkeley, USA 
.br
 Inderjit Dhillon, University of Texas, Austin, USA 
.br
 Osni Marques, LBNL/NERSC, USA 
.br
 Christof Voemel, University of California, Berkeley, USA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 136 of file dlarra\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
