.TH "dlasq4.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlasq4.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlasq4\fP (I0, N0, Z, PP, N0IN, DMIN, DMIN1, DMIN2, DN, DN1, DN2, TAU, TTYPE, G)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLASQ4\fP computes an approximation to the smallest eigenvalue using values of d from the previous transform\&. Used by sbdsqr\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlasq4 (integerI0, integerN0, double precision, dimension( * )Z, integerPP, integerN0IN, double precisionDMIN, double precisionDMIN1, double precisionDMIN2, double precisionDN, double precisionDN1, double precisionDN2, double precisionTAU, integerTTYPE, double precisionG)"

.PP
\fBDLASQ4\fP computes an approximation to the smallest eigenvalue using values of d from the previous transform\&. Used by sbdsqr\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLASQ4 computes an approximation TAU to the smallest eigenvalue
 using values of d from the previous transform.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fII0\fP 
.PP
.nf
          I0 is INTEGER
        First index.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN0\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N0 is INTEGER
        Last index.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension ( 4*N )
        Z holds the qd array.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PP is INTEGER
        PP=0 for ping, PP=1 for pong.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN0IN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N0IN is INTEGER
        The value of N0 at start of EIGTEST.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN is DOUBLE PRECISION
        Minimum value of d.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN1 is DOUBLE PRECISION
        Minimum value of d, excluding D( N0 ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN2 is DOUBLE PRECISION
        Minimum value of d, excluding D( N0 ) and D( N0-1 ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN is DOUBLE PRECISION
        d(N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN1 is DOUBLE PRECISION
        d(N-1)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN2 is DOUBLE PRECISION
        d(N-2)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is DOUBLE PRECISION
        This is the shift.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITTYPE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TTYPE is INTEGER
        Shift type.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          G is REAL
        G is passed as an argument in order to save its value between
        calls to DLASQ4.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  CNST1 = 9/16
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 151 of file dlasq4\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
