.TH "dlasq3.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlasq3.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlasq3\fP (I0, N0, Z, PP, DMIN, SIGMA, DESIG, QMAX, NFAIL, ITER, NDIV, IEEE, TTYPE, DMIN1, DMIN2, DN, DN1, DN2, G, TAU)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLASQ3\fP checks for deflation, computes a shift and calls dqds\&. Used by sbdsqr\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlasq3 (integerI0, integerN0, double precision, dimension( * )Z, integerPP, double precisionDMIN, double precisionSIGMA, double precisionDESIG, double precisionQMAX, integerNFAIL, integerITER, integerNDIV, logicalIEEE, integerTTYPE, double precisionDMIN1, double precisionDMIN2, double precisionDN, double precisionDN1, double precisionDN2, double precisionG, double precisionTAU)"

.PP
\fBDLASQ3\fP checks for deflation, computes a shift and calls dqds\&. Used by sbdsqr\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLASQ3 checks for deflation, computes a shift (TAU) and calls dqds.
 In case of failure it changes shifts, and tries again until output
 is positive.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fII0\fP 
.PP
.nf
          I0 is INTEGER
         First index.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN0\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N0 is INTEGER
         Last index.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension ( 4*N )
         Z holds the qd array.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PP is INTEGER
         PP=0 for ping, PP=1 for pong.
         PP=2 indicates that flipping was applied to the Z array   
         and that the initial tests for deflation should not be 
         performed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN is DOUBLE PRECISION
         Minimum value of d.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISIGMA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIGMA is DOUBLE PRECISION
         Sum of shifts used in current segment.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDESIG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DESIG is DOUBLE PRECISION
         Lower order part of SIGMA
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQMAX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          QMAX is DOUBLE PRECISION
         Maximum value of q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINFAIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NFAIL is INTEGER
         Number of times shift was too big.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIITER\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ITER is INTEGER
         Number of iterations.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINDIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NDIV is INTEGER
         Number of divisions.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIEEE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IEEE is LOGICAL
         Flag for IEEE or non IEEE arithmetic (passed to DLASQ5).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITTYPE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TTYPE is INTEGER
         Shift type.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN1 is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN2 is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN1 is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN2 is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          G is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is DOUBLE PRECISION

         These are passed as arguments in order to save their values
         between calls to DLASQ3.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 181 of file dlasq3\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
