.TH "dlatrz.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlatrz.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlatrz\fP (M, N, L, A, LDA, TAU, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLATRZ\fP factors an upper trapezoidal matrix by means of orthogonal transformations\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlatrz (integerM, integerN, integerL, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precision, dimension( * )TAU, double precision, dimension( * )WORK)"

.PP
\fBDLATRZ\fP factors an upper trapezoidal matrix by means of orthogonal transformations\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLATRZ factors the M-by-(M+L) real upper trapezoidal matrix
 [ A1 A2 ] = [ A(1:M,1:M) A(1:M,N-L+1:N) ] as ( R  0 ) * Z, by means
 of orthogonal transformations.  Z is an (M+L)-by-(M+L) orthogonal
 matrix and, R and A1 are M-by-M upper triangular matrices.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          L is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A containing the
          meaningful part of the Householder vectors. N-M >= L >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the leading M-by-N upper trapezoidal part of the
          array A must contain the matrix to be factorized.
          On exit, the leading M-by-M upper triangular part of A
          contains the upper triangular matrix R, and elements N-L+1 to
          N of the first M rows of A, with the array TAU, represent the
          orthogonal matrix Z as a product of M elementary reflectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (M)
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (M)
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
A\&. Petitet, Computer Science Dept\&., Univ\&. of Tenn\&., Knoxville, USA 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The factorization is obtained by Householder's method.  The kth
  transformation matrix, Z( k ), which is used to introduce zeros into
  the ( m - k + 1 )th row of A, is given in the form

     Z( k ) = ( I     0   ),
              ( 0  T( k ) )

  where

     T( k ) = I - tau*u( k )*u( k )**T,   u( k ) = (   1    ),
                                                 (   0    )
                                                 ( z( k ) )

  tau is a scalar and z( k ) is an l element vector. tau and z( k )
  are chosen to annihilate the elements of the kth row of A2.

  The scalar tau is returned in the kth element of TAU and the vector
  u( k ) in the kth row of A2, such that the elements of z( k ) are
  in  a( k, l + 1 ), ..., a( k, n ). The elements of R are returned in
  the upper triangular part of A1.

  Z is given by

     Z =  Z( 1 ) * Z( 2 ) * ... * Z( m ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 141 of file dlatrz\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
