.TH "dlat2s.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dlat2s.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdlat2s\fP (UPLO, N, A, LDA, SA, LDSA, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDLAT2S\fP converts a double-precision triangular matrix to a single-precision triangular matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dlat2s (characterUPLO, integerN, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( ldsa, * )SA, integerLDSA, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDLAT2S\fP converts a double-precision triangular matrix to a single-precision triangular matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DLAT2S converts a DOUBLE PRECISION triangular matrix, SA, to a SINGLE
 PRECISION triangular matrix, A.

 RMAX is the overflow for the SINGLE PRECISION arithmetic
 DLAS2S checks that all the entries of A are between -RMAX and
 RMAX. If not the convertion is aborted and a flag is raised.

 This is an auxiliary routine so there is no argument checking.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  A is upper triangular;
          = 'L':  A is lower triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of rows and columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the N-by-N triangular coefficient matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SA is REAL array, dimension (LDSA,N)
          Only the UPLO part of SA is referenced.  On exit, if INFO=0,
          the N-by-N coefficient matrix SA; if INFO>0, the content of
          the UPLO part of SA is unspecified.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDSA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDSA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array SA.  LDSA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          = 1:  an entry of the matrix A is greater than the SINGLE
                PRECISION overflow threshold, in this case, the content
                of the UPLO part of SA in exit is unspecified.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 112 of file dlat2s\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
