.TH "dpstf2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dpstf2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdpstf2\fP (UPLO, N, A, LDA, PIV, RANK, TOL, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDPSTF2\fP computes the Cholesky factorization with complete pivoting of a real symmetric or complex Hermitian positive semi-definite matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dpstf2 (characterUPLO, integerN, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( n )PIV, integerRANK, double precisionTOL, double precision, dimension( 2*n )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDPSTF2\fP computes the Cholesky factorization with complete pivoting of a real symmetric or complex Hermitian positive semi-definite matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DPSTF2 computes the Cholesky factorization with complete
 pivoting of a real symmetric positive semidefinite matrix A.

 The factorization has the form
    P**T * A * P = U**T * U ,  if UPLO = 'U',
    P**T * A * P = L  * L**T,  if UPLO = 'L',
 where U is an upper triangular matrix and L is lower triangular, and
 P is stored as vector PIV.

 This algorithm does not attempt to check that A is positive
 semidefinite. This version of the algorithm calls level 2 BLAS.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          symmetric matrix A is stored.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular
          = 'L':  Lower triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          n by n upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading n by n lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the factor U or L from the Cholesky
          factorization as above.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          PIV is such that the nonzero entries are P( PIV(K), K ) = 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRANK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RANK is INTEGER
          The rank of A given by the number of steps the algorithm
          completed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TOL is DOUBLE PRECISION
          User defined tolerance. If TOL < 0, then N*U*MAX( A( K,K ) )
          will be used. The algorithm terminates at the (K-1)st step
          if the pivot <= TOL.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (2*N)
          Work space.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          < 0: If INFO = -K, the K-th argument had an illegal value,
          = 0: algorithm completed successfully, and
          > 0: the matrix A is either rank deficient with computed rank
               as returned in RANK, or is indefinite.  See Section 7 of
               LAPACK Working Note #161 for further information.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 141 of file dpstf2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
