.TH "dsbevd.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dsbevd.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdsbevd\fP (JOBZ, UPLO, N, KD, AB, LDAB, W, Z, LDZ, WORK, LWORK, IWORK, LIWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB DSBEVD computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dsbevd (characterJOBZ, characterUPLO, integerN, integerKD, double precision, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, double precision, dimension( * )W, double precision, dimension( ldz, * )Z, integerLDZ, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integer, dimension( * )IWORK, integerLIWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB DSBEVD computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DSBEVD computes all the eigenvalues and, optionally, eigenvectors of
 a real symmetric band matrix A. If eigenvectors are desired, it uses
 a divide and conquer algorithm.

 The divide and conquer algorithm makes very mild assumptions about
 floating point arithmetic. It will work on machines with a guard
 digit in add/subtract, or on those binary machines without guard
 digits which subtract like the Cray X-MP, Cray Y-MP, Cray C-90, or
 Cray-2. It could conceivably fail on hexadecimal or decimal machines
 without guard digits, but we know of none.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only;
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKD\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KD is INTEGER
          The number of superdiagonals of the matrix A if UPLO = 'U',
          or the number of subdiagonals if UPLO = 'L'.  KD >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDAB, N)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangle of the symmetric band
          matrix A, stored in the first KD+1 rows of the array.  The
          j-th column of A is stored in the j-th column of the array AB
          as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(kd+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-kd)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)    = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+kd).

          On exit, AB is overwritten by values generated during the
          reduction to tridiagonal form.  If UPLO = 'U', the first
          superdiagonal and the diagonal of the tridiagonal matrix T
          are returned in rows KD and KD+1 of AB, and if UPLO = 'L',
          the diagonal and first subdiagonal of T are returned in the
          first two rows of AB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= KD + 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          If INFO = 0, the eigenvalues in ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDZ, N)
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, Z contains the orthonormal
          eigenvectors of the matrix A, with the i-th column of Z
          holding the eigenvector associated with W(i).
          If JOBZ = 'N', then Z is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.  LDZ >= 1, and if
          JOBZ = 'V', LDZ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array,
                                         dimension (LWORK)
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK.
          IF N <= 1,                LWORK must be at least 1.
          If JOBZ  = 'N' and N > 2, LWORK must be at least 2*N.
          If JOBZ  = 'V' and N > 2, LWORK must be at least
                         ( 1 + 5*N + 2*N**2 ).

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK and IWORK
          arrays, returns these values as the first entries of the WORK
          and IWORK arrays, and no error message related to LWORK or
          LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (MAX(1,LIWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, IWORK(1) returns the optimal LIWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LIWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array IWORK.
          If JOBZ  = 'N' or N <= 1, LIWORK must be at least 1.
          If JOBZ  = 'V' and N > 2, LIWORK must be at least 3 + 5*N.

          If LIWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the
          routine only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK and
          IWORK arrays, returns these values as the first entries of
          the WORK and IWORK arrays, and no error message related to
          LWORK or LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, the algorithm failed to converge; i
                off-diagonal elements of an intermediate tridiagonal
                form did not converge to zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 193 of file dsbevd\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
