.TH "dsbgvx.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dsbgvx.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdsbgvx\fP (JOBZ, RANGE, UPLO, N, KA, KB, AB, LDAB, BB, LDBB, Q, LDQ, VL, VU, IL, IU, ABSTOL, M, W, Z, LDZ, WORK, IWORK, IFAIL, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDSBGST\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dsbgvx (characterJOBZ, characterRANGE, characterUPLO, integerN, integerKA, integerKB, double precision, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, double precision, dimension( ldbb, * )BB, integerLDBB, double precision, dimension( ldq, * )Q, integerLDQ, double precisionVL, double precisionVU, integerIL, integerIU, double precisionABSTOL, integerM, double precision, dimension( * )W, double precision, dimension( ldz, * )Z, integerLDZ, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, integer, dimension( * )IWORK, integer, dimension( * )IFAIL, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDSBGST\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DSBGVX computes selected eigenvalues, and optionally, eigenvectors
 of a real generalized symmetric-definite banded eigenproblem, of
 the form A*x=(lambda)*B*x.  Here A and B are assumed to be symmetric
 and banded, and B is also positive definite.  Eigenvalues and
 eigenvectors can be selected by specifying either all eigenvalues,
 a range of values or a range of indices for the desired eigenvalues.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only;
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRANGE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RANGE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'A': all eigenvalues will be found.
          = 'V': all eigenvalues in the half-open interval (VL,VU]
                 will be found.
          = 'I': the IL-th through IU-th eigenvalues will be found.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangles of A and B are stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangles of A and B are stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrices A and B.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KA is INTEGER
          The number of superdiagonals of the matrix A if UPLO = 'U',
          or the number of subdiagonals if UPLO = 'L'.  KA >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KB is INTEGER
          The number of superdiagonals of the matrix B if UPLO = 'U',
          or the number of subdiagonals if UPLO = 'L'.  KB >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDAB, N)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangle of the symmetric band
          matrix A, stored in the first ka+1 rows of the array.  The
          j-th column of A is stored in the j-th column of the array AB
          as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(ka+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-ka)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)    = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+ka).

          On exit, the contents of AB are destroyed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= KA+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BB is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDBB, N)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangle of the symmetric band
          matrix B, stored in the first kb+1 rows of the array.  The
          j-th column of B is stored in the j-th column of the array BB
          as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', BB(ka+1+i-j,j) = B(i,j) for max(1,j-kb)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', BB(1+i-j,j)    = B(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+kb).

          On exit, the factor S from the split Cholesky factorization
          B = S**T*S, as returned by DPBSTF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDBB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDBB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array BB.  LDBB >= KB+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDQ, N)
          If JOBZ = 'V', the n-by-n matrix used in the reduction of
          A*x = (lambda)*B*x to standard form, i.e. C*x = (lambda)*x,
          and consequently C to tridiagonal form.
          If JOBZ = 'N', the array Q is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Q.  If JOBZ = 'N',
          LDQ >= 1. If JOBZ = 'V', LDQ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VL is DOUBLE PRECISION
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VU is DOUBLE PRECISION

          If RANGE='V', the lower and upper bounds of the interval to
          be searched for eigenvalues. VL < VU.
          Not referenced if RANGE = 'A' or 'I'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IL is INTEGER
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IU is INTEGER

          If RANGE='I', the indices (in ascending order) of the
          smallest and largest eigenvalues to be returned.
          1 <= IL <= IU <= N, if N > 0; IL = 1 and IU = 0 if N = 0.
          Not referenced if RANGE = 'A' or 'V'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIABSTOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ABSTOL is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The absolute error tolerance for the eigenvalues.
          An approximate eigenvalue is accepted as converged
          when it is determined to lie in an interval [a,b]
          of width less than or equal to

                  ABSTOL + EPS *   max( |a|,|b| ) ,

          where EPS is the machine precision.  If ABSTOL is less than
          or equal to zero, then  EPS*|T|  will be used in its place,
          where |T| is the 1-norm of the tridiagonal matrix obtained
          by reducing A to tridiagonal form.

          Eigenvalues will be computed most accurately when ABSTOL is
          set to twice the underflow threshold 2*DLAMCH('S'), not zero.
          If this routine returns with INFO>0, indicating that some
          eigenvectors did not converge, try setting ABSTOL to
          2*DLAMCH('S').
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The total number of eigenvalues found.  0 <= M <= N.
          If RANGE = 'A', M = N, and if RANGE = 'I', M = IU-IL+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          If INFO = 0, the eigenvalues in ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDZ, N)
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, Z contains the matrix Z of
          eigenvectors, with the i-th column of Z holding the
          eigenvector associated with W(i).  The eigenvectors are
          normalized so Z**T*B*Z = I.
          If JOBZ = 'N', then Z is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.  LDZ >= 1, and if
          JOBZ = 'V', LDZ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (7*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (5*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIFAIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IFAIL is INTEGER array, dimension (M)
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, the first M elements of
          IFAIL are zero.  If INFO > 0, then IFAIL contains the
          indices of the eigenvalues that failed to converge.
          If JOBZ = 'N', then IFAIL is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0 : successful exit
          < 0 : if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          <= N: if INFO = i, then i eigenvectors failed to converge.
                  Their indices are stored in IFAIL.
          > N : DPBSTF returned an error code; i.e.,
                if INFO = N + i, for 1 <= i <= N, then the leading
                minor of order i of B is not positive definite.
                The factorization of B could not be completed and
                no eigenvalues or eigenvectors were computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Mark Fahey, Department of Mathematics, Univ\&. of Kentucky, USA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 284 of file dsbgvx\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
