.TH "dsfrk.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dsfrk.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdsfrk\fP (TRANSR, UPLO, TRANS, N, K, ALPHA, A, LDA, BETA, C)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDSFRK\fP performs a symmetric rank-k operation for matrix in RFP format\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dsfrk (characterTRANSR, characterUPLO, characterTRANS, integerN, integerK, double precisionALPHA, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precisionBETA, double precision, dimension( * )C)"

.PP
\fBDSFRK\fP performs a symmetric rank-k operation for matrix in RFP format\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 Level 3 BLAS like routine for C in RFP Format.

 DSFRK performs one of the symmetric rank--k operations

    C := alpha*A*A**T + beta*C,

 or

    C := alpha*A**T*A + beta*C,

 where alpha and beta are real scalars, C is an n--by--n symmetric
 matrix and A is an n--by--k matrix in the first case and a k--by--n
 matrix in the second case.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANSR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANSR is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  The Normal Form of RFP A is stored;
          = 'T':  The Transpose Form of RFP A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On  entry, UPLO specifies whether the upper or lower
           triangular part of the array C is to be referenced as
           follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   Only the upper triangular part of C
                                  is to be referenced.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   Only the lower triangular part of C
                                  is to be referenced.

           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, TRANS specifies the operation to be performed as
           follows:

              TRANS = 'N' or 'n'   C := alpha*A*A**T + beta*C.

              TRANS = 'T' or 't'   C := alpha*A**T*A + beta*C.

           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the matrix C. N must be
           at least zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
           On entry with TRANS = 'N' or 'n', K specifies the number
           of  columns of the matrix A, and on entry with TRANS = 'T'
           or 't', K specifies the number of rows of the matrix A. K
           must be at least zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is DOUBLE PRECISION
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,ka)
           where KA
           is K  when TRANS = 'N' or 'n', and is N otherwise. Before
           entry with TRANS = 'N' or 'n', the leading N--by--K part of
           the array A must contain the matrix A, otherwise the leading
           K--by--N part of the array A must contain the matrix A.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in  the  calling  (sub)  program.   When  TRANS = 'N' or 'n'
           then  LDA must be at least  max( 1, n ), otherwise  LDA must
           be at least  max( 1, k ).
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is DOUBLE PRECISION
           On entry, BETA specifies the scalar beta.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NT)
           NT = N*(N+1)/2. On entry, the symmetric matrix C in RFP
           Format. RFP Format is described by TRANSR, UPLO and N.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 166 of file dsfrk\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
