.TH "dsyevd.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dsyevd.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdsyevd\fP (JOBZ, UPLO, N, A, LDA, W, WORK, LWORK, IWORK, LIWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB DSYEVD computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for SY matrices\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dsyevd (characterJOBZ, characterUPLO, integerN, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precision, dimension( * )W, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integer, dimension( * )IWORK, integerLIWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB DSYEVD computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for SY matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DSYEVD computes all eigenvalues and, optionally, eigenvectors of a
 real symmetric matrix A. If eigenvectors are desired, it uses a
 divide and conquer algorithm.

 The divide and conquer algorithm makes very mild assumptions about
 floating point arithmetic. It will work on machines with a guard
 digit in add/subtract, or on those binary machines without guard
 digits which subtract like the Cray X-MP, Cray Y-MP, Cray C-90, or
 Cray-2. It could conceivably fail on hexadecimal or decimal machines
 without guard digits, but we know of none.

 Because of large use of BLAS of level 3, DSYEVD needs N**2 more
 workspace than DSYEVX.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only;
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA, N)
          On entry, the symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the
          leading N-by-N upper triangular part of A contains the
          upper triangular part of the matrix A.  If UPLO = 'L',
          the leading N-by-N lower triangular part of A contains
          the lower triangular part of the matrix A.
          On exit, if JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, A contains the
          orthonormal eigenvectors of the matrix A.
          If JOBZ = 'N', then on exit the lower triangle (if UPLO='L')
          or the upper triangle (if UPLO='U') of A, including the
          diagonal, is destroyed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          If INFO = 0, the eigenvalues in ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array,
                                         dimension (LWORK)
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK.
          If N <= 1,               LWORK must be at least 1.
          If JOBZ = 'N' and N > 1, LWORK must be at least 2*N+1.
          If JOBZ = 'V' and N > 1, LWORK must be at least
                                                1 + 6*N + 2*N**2.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK and IWORK
          arrays, returns these values as the first entries of the WORK
          and IWORK arrays, and no error message related to LWORK or
          LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (MAX(1,LIWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, IWORK(1) returns the optimal LIWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LIWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array IWORK.
          If N <= 1,                LIWORK must be at least 1.
          If JOBZ  = 'N' and N > 1, LIWORK must be at least 1.
          If JOBZ  = 'V' and N > 1, LIWORK must be at least 3 + 5*N.

          If LIWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the
          routine only calculates the optimal sizes of the WORK and
          IWORK arrays, returns these values as the first entries of
          the WORK and IWORK arrays, and no error message related to
          LWORK or LIWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i and JOBZ = 'N', then the algorithm failed
                to converge; i off-diagonal elements of an intermediate
                tridiagonal form did not converge to zero;
                if INFO = i and JOBZ = 'V', then the algorithm failed
                to compute an eigenvalue while working on the submatrix
                lying in rows and columns INFO/(N+1) through
                mod(INFO,N+1).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Jeff Rutter, Computer Science Division, University of California at Berkeley, USA 
.br
 Modified by Francoise Tisseur, University of Tennessee 
.br
 Modified description of INFO\&. Sven, 16 Feb 05\&. 
.br
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 185 of file dsyevd\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
