.TH "dsygs2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dsygs2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdsygs2\fP (ITYPE, UPLO, N, A, LDA, B, LDB, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDSYGS2\fP reduces a symmetric definite generalized eigenproblem to standard form, using the factorization results obtained from spotrf (unblocked algorithm)\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dsygs2 (integerITYPE, characterUPLO, integerN, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precision, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDSYGS2\fP reduces a symmetric definite generalized eigenproblem to standard form, using the factorization results obtained from spotrf (unblocked algorithm)\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DSYGS2 reduces a real symmetric-definite generalized eigenproblem
 to standard form.

 If ITYPE = 1, the problem is A*x = lambda*B*x,
 and A is overwritten by inv(U**T)*A*inv(U) or inv(L)*A*inv(L**T)

 If ITYPE = 2 or 3, the problem is A*B*x = lambda*x or
 B*A*x = lambda*x, and A is overwritten by U*A*U**T or L**T *A*L.

 B must have been previously factorized as U**T *U or L*L**T by DPOTRF.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIITYPE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ITYPE is INTEGER
          = 1: compute inv(U**T)*A*inv(U) or inv(L)*A*inv(L**T);
          = 2 or 3: compute U*A*U**T or L**T *A*L.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          symmetric matrix A is stored, and how B has been factorized.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular
          = 'L':  Lower triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrices A and B.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          n by n upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading n by n lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the transformed matrix, stored in the
          same format as A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDB,N)
          The triangular factor from the Cholesky factorization of B,
          as returned by DPOTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 128 of file dsygs2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
