.TH "dsytri2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dsytri2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdsytri2\fP (UPLO, N, A, LDA, IPIV, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDSYTRI2\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dsytri2 (characterUPLO, integerN, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDSYTRI2\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DSYTRI2 computes the inverse of a DOUBLE PRECISION symmetric indefinite matrix
 A using the factorization A = U*D*U**T or A = L*D*L**T computed by
 DSYTRF. DSYTRI2 sets the LEADING DIMENSION of the workspace
 before calling DSYTRI2X that actually computes the inverse.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the details of the factorization are stored
          as an upper or lower triangular matrix.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular, form is A = U*D*U**T;
          = 'L':  Lower triangular, form is A = L*D*L**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the NB diagonal matrix D and the multipliers
          used to obtain the factor U or L as computed by DSYTRF.

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the (symmetric) inverse of the original
          matrix.  If UPLO = 'U', the upper triangular part of the
          inverse is formed and the part of A below the diagonal is not
          referenced; if UPLO = 'L' the lower triangular part of the
          inverse is formed and the part of A above the diagonal is
          not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          Details of the interchanges and the NB structure of D
          as determined by DSYTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N+NB+1)*(NB+3)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK.
          WORK is size >= (N+NB+1)*(NB+3)
          If LDWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
           calculates:
              - the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array,
              - and no error message related to LDWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0: if INFO = i, D(i,i) = 0; the matrix is singular and its
               inverse could not be computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 128 of file dsytri2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
