.TH "dtrrfs.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dtrrfs.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdtrrfs\fP (UPLO, TRANS, DIAG, N, NRHS, A, LDA, B, LDB, X, LDX, FERR, BERR, WORK, IWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDTRRFS\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dtrrfs (characterUPLO, characterTRANS, characterDIAG, integerN, integerNRHS, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precision, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, double precision, dimension( ldx, * )X, integerLDX, double precision, dimension( * )FERR, double precision, dimension( * )BERR, double precision, dimension( * )WORK, integer, dimension( * )IWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDTRRFS\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 DTRRFS provides error bounds and backward error estimates for the
 solution to a system of linear equations with a triangular
 coefficient matrix.

 The solution matrix X must be computed by DTRTRS or some other
 means before entering this routine.  DTRRFS does not do iterative
 refinement because doing so cannot improve the backward error.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  A is upper triangular;
          = 'L':  A is lower triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the form of the system of equations:
          = 'N':  A * X = B  (No transpose)
          = 'T':  A**T * X = B  (Transpose)
          = 'C':  A**H * X = B  (Conjugate transpose = Transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  A is non-unit triangular;
          = 'U':  A is unit triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrices B and X.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          The triangular matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading N-by-N
          upper triangular part of the array A contains the upper
          triangular matrix, and the strictly lower triangular part of
          A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the leading N-by-N lower
          triangular part of the array A contains the lower triangular
          matrix, and the strictly upper triangular part of A is not
          referenced.  If DIAG = 'U', the diagonal elements of A are
          also not referenced and are assumed to be 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          The right hand side matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDX,NRHS)
          The solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array X.  LDX >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIFERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          FERR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NRHS)
          The estimated forward error bound for each solution vector
          X(j) (the j-th column of the solution matrix X).
          If XTRUE is the true solution corresponding to X(j), FERR(j)
          is an estimated upper bound for the magnitude of the largest
          element in (X(j) - XTRUE) divided by the magnitude of the
          largest element in X(j).  The estimate is as reliable as
          the estimate for RCOND, and is almost always a slight
          overestimate of the true error.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BERR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NRHS)
          The componentwise relative backward error of each solution
          vector X(j) (i.e., the smallest relative change in
          any element of A or B that makes X(j) an exact solution).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (3*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 182 of file dtrrfs\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
