.TH "dtzrqf.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
dtzrqf.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBdtzrqf\fP (M, N, A, LDA, TAU, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBDTZRQF\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine dtzrqf (integerM, integerN, double precision, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precision, dimension( * )TAU, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBDTZRQF\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 This routine is deprecated and has been replaced by routine DTZRZF.

 DTZRQF reduces the M-by-N ( M<=N ) real upper trapezoidal matrix A
 to upper triangular form by means of orthogonal transformations.

 The upper trapezoidal matrix A is factored as

    A = ( R  0 ) * Z,

 where Z is an N-by-N orthogonal matrix and R is an M-by-M upper
 triangular matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= M.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the leading M-by-N upper trapezoidal part of the
          array A must contain the matrix to be factorized.
          On exit, the leading M-by-M upper triangular part of A
          contains the upper triangular matrix R, and elements M+1 to
          N of the first M rows of A, with the array TAU, represent the
          orthogonal matrix Z as a product of M elementary reflectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (M)
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The factorization is obtained by Householder's method.  The kth
  transformation matrix, Z( k ), which is used to introduce zeros into
  the ( m - k + 1 )th row of A, is given in the form

     Z( k ) = ( I     0   ),
              ( 0  T( k ) )

  where

     T( k ) = I - tau*u( k )*u( k )**T,   u( k ) = (   1    ),
                                                   (   0    )
                                                   ( z( k ) )

  tau is a scalar and z( k ) is an ( n - m ) element vector.
  tau and z( k ) are chosen to annihilate the elements of the kth row
  of X.

  The scalar tau is returned in the kth element of TAU and the vector
  u( k ) in the kth row of A, such that the elements of z( k ) are
  in  a( k, m + 1 ), ..., a( k, n ). The elements of R are returned in
  the upper triangular part of A.

  Z is given by

     Z =  Z( 1 ) * Z( 2 ) * ... * Z( m ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 139 of file dtzrqf\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
