.TH "sgemm.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sgemm.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBsgemm\fP (TRANSA, TRANSB, M, N, K, ALPHA, A, LDA, B, LDB, BETA, C, LDC)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSGEMM\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine sgemm (characterTRANSA, characterTRANSB, integerM, integerN, integerK, realALPHA, real, dimension(lda,*)A, integerLDA, real, dimension(ldb,*)B, integerLDB, realBETA, real, dimension(ldc,*)C, integerLDC)"

.PP
\fBSGEMM\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SGEMM  performs one of the matrix-matrix operations

    C := alpha*op( A )*op( B ) + beta*C,

 where  op( X ) is one of

    op( X ) = X   or   op( X ) = X**T,

 alpha and beta are scalars, and A, B and C are matrices, with op( A )
 an m by k matrix,  op( B )  a  k by n matrix and  C an m by n matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANSA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANSA is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, TRANSA specifies the form of op( A ) to be used in
           the matrix multiplication as follows:

              TRANSA = 'N' or 'n',  op( A ) = A.

              TRANSA = 'T' or 't',  op( A ) = A**T.

              TRANSA = 'C' or 'c',  op( A ) = A**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANSB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANSB is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, TRANSB specifies the form of op( B ) to be used in
           the matrix multiplication as follows:

              TRANSB = 'N' or 'n',  op( B ) = B.

              TRANSB = 'T' or 't',  op( B ) = B**T.

              TRANSB = 'C' or 'c',  op( B ) = B**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
           On entry,  M  specifies  the number  of rows  of the  matrix
           op( A )  and of the  matrix  C.  M  must  be at least  zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry,  N  specifies the number  of columns of the matrix
           op( B ) and the number of columns of the matrix C. N must be
           at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
           On entry,  K  specifies  the number of columns of the matrix
           op( A ) and the number of rows of the matrix op( B ). K must
           be at least  zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is REAL
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array of DIMENSION ( LDA, ka ), where ka is
           k  when  TRANSA = 'N' or 'n',  and is  m  otherwise.
           Before entry with  TRANSA = 'N' or 'n',  the leading  m by k
           part of the array  A  must contain the matrix  A,  otherwise
           the leading  k by m  part of the array  A  must contain  the
           matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. When  TRANSA = 'N' or 'n' then
           LDA must be at least  max( 1, m ), otherwise  LDA must be at
           least  max( 1, k ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is REAL array of DIMENSION ( LDB, kb ), where kb is
           n  when  TRANSB = 'N' or 'n',  and is  k  otherwise.
           Before entry with  TRANSB = 'N' or 'n',  the leading  k by n
           part of the array  B  must contain the matrix  B,  otherwise
           the leading  n by k  part of the array  B  must contain  the
           matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
           On entry, LDB specifies the first dimension of B as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. When  TRANSB = 'N' or 'n' then
           LDB must be at least  max( 1, k ), otherwise  LDB must be at
           least  max( 1, n ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is REAL
           On entry,  BETA  specifies the scalar  beta.  When  BETA  is
           supplied as zero then C need not be set on input.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is REAL array of DIMENSION ( LDC, n ).
           Before entry, the leading  m by n  part of the array  C must
           contain the matrix  C,  except when  beta  is zero, in which
           case C need not be set on entry.
           On exit, the array  C  is overwritten by the  m by n  matrix
           ( alpha*op( A )*op( B ) + beta*C ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
           On entry, LDC specifies the first dimension of C as declared
           in  the  calling  (sub)  program.   LDC  must  be  at  least
           max( 1, m ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 3 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 8-February-1989.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Laboratory.
     Iain Duff, AERE Harwell.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd.
     Sven Hammarling, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 188 of file sgemm\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
