.TH "sgesc2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sgesc2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBsgesc2\fP (N, A, LDA, RHS, IPIV, JPIV, SCALE)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSGESC2\fP solves a system of linear equations using the LU factorization with complete pivoting computed by sgetc2\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine sgesc2 (integerN, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( * )RHS, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, integer, dimension( * )JPIV, realSCALE)"

.PP
\fBSGESC2\fP solves a system of linear equations using the LU factorization with complete pivoting computed by sgetc2\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SGESC2 solves a system of linear equations

           A * X = scale* RHS

 with a general N-by-N matrix A using the LU factorization with
 complete pivoting computed by SGETC2.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the  LU part of the factorization of the n-by-n
          matrix A computed by SGETC2:  A = P * L * U * Q
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1, N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RHS is REAL array, dimension (N).
          On entry, the right hand side vector b.
          On exit, the solution vector X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N).
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= i <= N, row i of the
          matrix has been interchanged with row IPIV(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIJPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N).
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= j <= N, column j of the
          matrix has been interchanged with column JPIV(j).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISCALE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SCALE is REAL
           On exit, SCALE contains the scale factor. SCALE is chosen
           0 <= SCALE <= 1 to prevent owerflow in the solution.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Bo Kagstrom and Peter Poromaa, Department of Computing Science, Umea University, S-901 87 Umea, Sweden\&. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 115 of file sgesc2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
