.TH "sgsvj0.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sgsvj0.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBsgsvj0\fP (JOBV, M, N, A, LDA, D, SVA, MV, V, LDV, EPS, SFMIN, TOL, NSWEEP, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSGSVJ0\fP pre-processor for the routine sgesvj\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine sgsvj0 (character*1JOBV, integerM, integerN, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( n )D, real, dimension( n )SVA, integerMV, real, dimension( ldv, * )V, integerLDV, realEPS, realSFMIN, realTOL, integerNSWEEP, real, dimension( lwork )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSGSVJ0\fP pre-processor for the routine sgesvj\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SGSVJ0 is called from SGESVJ as a pre-processor and that is its main
 purpose. It applies Jacobi rotations in the same way as SGESVJ does, but
 it does not check convergence (stopping criterion). Few tuning
 parameters (marked by [TP]) are available for the implementer.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBV is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the output from this procedure is used
          to compute the matrix V:
          = 'V': the product of the Jacobi rotations is accumulated
                 by postmulyiplying the N-by-N array V.
                (See the description of V.)
          = 'A': the product of the Jacobi rotations is accumulated
                 by postmulyiplying the MV-by-N array V.
                (See the descriptions of MV and V.)
          = 'N': the Jacobi rotations are not accumulated.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the input matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the input matrix A.
          M >= N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, M-by-N matrix A, such that A*diag(D) represents
          the input matrix.
          On exit,
          A_onexit * D_onexit represents the input matrix A*diag(D)
          post-multiplied by a sequence of Jacobi rotations, where the
          rotation threshold and the total number of sweeps are given in
          TOL and NSWEEP, respectively.
          (See the descriptions of D, TOL and NSWEEP.)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The array D accumulates the scaling factors from the fast scaled
          Jacobi rotations.
          On entry, A*diag(D) represents the input matrix.
          On exit, A_onexit*diag(D_onexit) represents the input matrix
          post-multiplied by a sequence of Jacobi rotations, where the
          rotation threshold and the total number of sweeps are given in
          TOL and NSWEEP, respectively.
          (See the descriptions of A, TOL and NSWEEP.)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISVA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SVA is REAL array, dimension (N)
          On entry, SVA contains the Euclidean norms of the columns of
          the matrix A*diag(D).
          On exit, SVA contains the Euclidean norms of the columns of
          the matrix onexit*diag(D_onexit).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIMV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          MV is INTEGER
          If JOBV .EQ. 'A', then MV rows of V are post-multipled by a
                           sequence of Jacobi rotations.
          If JOBV = 'N',   then MV is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is REAL array, dimension (LDV,N)
          If JOBV .EQ. 'V' then N rows of V are post-multipled by a
                           sequence of Jacobi rotations.
          If JOBV .EQ. 'A' then MV rows of V are post-multipled by a
                           sequence of Jacobi rotations.
          If JOBV = 'N',   then V is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDV is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array V,  LDV >= 1.
          If JOBV = 'V', LDV .GE. N.
          If JOBV = 'A', LDV .GE. MV.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIEPS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          EPS is REAL
          EPS = SLAMCH('Epsilon')
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISFMIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SFMIN is REAL
          SFMIN = SLAMCH('Safe Minimum')
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TOL is REAL
          TOL is the threshold for Jacobi rotations. For a pair
          A(:,p), A(:,q) of pivot columns, the Jacobi rotation is
          applied only if ABS(COS(angle(A(:,p),A(:,q)))) .GT. TOL.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINSWEEP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NSWEEP is INTEGER
          NSWEEP is the number of sweeps of Jacobi rotations to be
          performed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          LWORK is the dimension of WORK. LWORK .GE. M.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0 : successful exit.
          < 0 : if INFO = -i, then the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4
SGSVJ0 is used just to enable SGESVJ to call a simplified version of itself to work on a submatrix of the original matrix\&.
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Zlatko Drmac (Zagreb, Croatia) and Kresimir Veselic (Hagen, Germany)
.RE
.PP
\fBBugs, Examples and Comments: \fP
.RS 4
Please report all bugs and send interesting test examples and comments to drmac@math.hr\&. Thank you\&. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 218 of file sgsvj0\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
