.TH "sla_syrpvgrw.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sla_syrpvgrw.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "REAL function \fBsla_syrpvgrw\fP (UPLO, N, INFO, A, LDA, AF, LDAF, IPIV, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLA_SYRPVGRW\fP computes the reciprocal pivot growth factor norm(A)/norm(U) for a symmetric indefinite matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "REAL function sla_syrpvgrw (character*1UPLO, integerN, integerINFO, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( ldaf, * )AF, integerLDAF, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, real, dimension( * )WORK)"

.PP
\fBSLA_SYRPVGRW\fP computes the reciprocal pivot growth factor norm(A)/norm(U) for a symmetric indefinite matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLA_SYRPVGRW computes the reciprocal pivot growth factor
 norm(A)/norm(U). The "max absolute element" norm is used. If this is
 much less than 1, the stability of the LU factorization of the
 (equilibrated) matrix A could be poor. This also means that the
 solution X, estimated condition numbers, and error bounds could be
 unreliable.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
       = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
       = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
     The number of linear equations, i.e., the order of the
     matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
     The value of INFO returned from SSYTRF, .i.e., the pivot in
     column INFO is exactly 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
     On entry, the N-by-N matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AF is REAL array, dimension (LDAF,N)
     The block diagonal matrix D and the multipliers used to
     obtain the factor U or L as computed by SSYTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAF is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array AF.  LDAF >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
     Details of the interchanges and the block structure of D
     as determined by SSYTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 122 of file sla_syrpvgrw\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
