.TH "sla_gercond.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sla_gercond.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "REAL function \fBsla_gercond\fP (TRANS, N, A, LDA, AF, LDAF, IPIV, CMODE, C, INFO, WORK, IWORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLA_GERCOND\fP estimates the Skeel condition number for a general matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "REAL function sla_gercond (characterTRANS, integerN, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( ldaf, * )AF, integerLDAF, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, integerCMODE, real, dimension( * )C, integerINFO, real, dimension( * )WORK, integer, dimension( * )IWORK)"

.PP
\fBSLA_GERCOND\fP estimates the Skeel condition number for a general matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
    SLA_GERCOND estimates the Skeel condition number of op(A) * op2(C)
    where op2 is determined by CMODE as follows
    CMODE =  1    op2(C) = C
    CMODE =  0    op2(C) = I
    CMODE = -1    op2(C) = inv(C)
    The Skeel condition number cond(A) = norminf( |inv(A)||A| )
    is computed by computing scaling factors R such that
    diag(R)*A*op2(C) is row equilibrated and computing the standard
    infinity-norm condition number.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
     Specifies the form of the system of equations:
       = 'N':  A * X = B     (No transpose)
       = 'T':  A**T * X = B  (Transpose)
       = 'C':  A**H * X = B  (Conjugate Transpose = Transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
     The number of linear equations, i.e., the order of the
     matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
     On entry, the N-by-N matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AF is REAL array, dimension (LDAF,N)
     The factors L and U from the factorization
     A = P*L*U as computed by SGETRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAF is INTEGER
     The leading dimension of the array AF.  LDAF >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
     The pivot indices from the factorization A = P*L*U
     as computed by SGETRF; row i of the matrix was interchanged
     with row IPIV(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICMODE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CMODE is INTEGER
     Determines op2(C) in the formula op(A) * op2(C) as follows:
     CMODE =  1    op2(C) = C
     CMODE =  0    op2(C) = I
     CMODE = -1    op2(C) = inv(C)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is REAL array, dimension (N)
     The vector C in the formula op(A) * op2(C).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
       = 0:  Successful exit.
     i > 0:  The ith argument is invalid.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (3*N).
     Workspace.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (N).
     Workspace.2
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 150 of file sla_gercond\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
