.TH "slaed8.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slaed8.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslaed8\fP (ICOMPQ, K, N, QSIZ, D, Q, LDQ, INDXQ, RHO, CUTPNT, Z, DLAMDA, Q2, LDQ2, W, PERM, GIVPTR, GIVCOL, GIVNUM, INDXP, INDX, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLAED8\fP used by sstedc\&. Merges eigenvalues and deflates secular equation\&. Used when the original matrix is dense\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slaed8 (integerICOMPQ, integerK, integerN, integerQSIZ, real, dimension( * )D, real, dimension( ldq, * )Q, integerLDQ, integer, dimension( * )INDXQ, realRHO, integerCUTPNT, real, dimension( * )Z, real, dimension( * )DLAMDA, real, dimension( ldq2, * )Q2, integerLDQ2, real, dimension( * )W, integer, dimension( * )PERM, integerGIVPTR, integer, dimension( 2, * )GIVCOL, real, dimension( 2, * )GIVNUM, integer, dimension( * )INDXP, integer, dimension( * )INDX, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSLAED8\fP used by sstedc\&. Merges eigenvalues and deflates secular equation\&. Used when the original matrix is dense\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLAED8 merges the two sets of eigenvalues together into a single
 sorted set.  Then it tries to deflate the size of the problem.
 There are two ways in which deflation can occur:  when two or more
 eigenvalues are close together or if there is a tiny element in the
 Z vector.  For each such occurrence the order of the related secular
 equation problem is reduced by one.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIICOMPQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ICOMPQ is INTEGER
          = 0:  Compute eigenvalues only.
          = 1:  Compute eigenvectors of original dense symmetric matrix
                also.  On entry, Q contains the orthogonal matrix used
                to reduce the original matrix to tridiagonal form.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
         The number of non-deflated eigenvalues, and the order of the
         related secular equation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
         The dimension of the symmetric tridiagonal matrix.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQSIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          QSIZ is INTEGER
         The dimension of the orthogonal matrix used to reduce
         the full matrix to tridiagonal form.  QSIZ >= N if ICOMPQ = 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (N)
         On entry, the eigenvalues of the two submatrices to be
         combined.  On exit, the trailing (N-K) updated eigenvalues
         (those which were deflated) sorted into increasing order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is REAL array, dimension (LDQ,N)
         If ICOMPQ = 0, Q is not referenced.  Otherwise,
         on entry, Q contains the eigenvectors of the partially solved
         system which has been previously updated in matrix
         multiplies with other partially solved eigensystems.
         On exit, Q contains the trailing (N-K) updated eigenvectors
         (those which were deflated) in its last N-K columns.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ is INTEGER
         The leading dimension of the array Q.  LDQ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINDXQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INDXQ is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
         The permutation which separately sorts the two sub-problems
         in D into ascending order.  Note that elements in the second
         half of this permutation must first have CUTPNT added to
         their values in order to be accurate.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRHO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RHO is REAL
         On entry, the off-diagonal element associated with the rank-1
         cut which originally split the two submatrices which are now
         being recombined.
         On exit, RHO has been modified to the value required by
         SLAED3.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICUTPNT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CUTPNT is INTEGER
         The location of the last eigenvalue in the leading
         sub-matrix.  min(1,N) <= CUTPNT <= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is REAL array, dimension (N)
         On entry, Z contains the updating vector (the last row of
         the first sub-eigenvector matrix and the first row of the
         second sub-eigenvector matrix).
         On exit, the contents of Z are destroyed by the updating
         process.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDLAMDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DLAMDA is REAL array, dimension (N)
         A copy of the first K eigenvalues which will be used by
         SLAED3 to form the secular equation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q2 is REAL array, dimension (LDQ2,N)
         If ICOMPQ = 0, Q2 is not referenced.  Otherwise,
         a copy of the first K eigenvectors which will be used by
         SLAED7 in a matrix multiply (SGEMM) to update the new
         eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ2 is INTEGER
         The leading dimension of the array Q2.  LDQ2 >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is REAL array, dimension (N)
         The first k values of the final deflation-altered z-vector and
         will be passed to SLAED3.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPERM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PERM is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
         The permutations (from deflation and sorting) to be applied
         to each eigenblock.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIGIVPTR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          GIVPTR is INTEGER
         The number of Givens rotations which took place in this
         subproblem.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIGIVCOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          GIVCOL is INTEGER array, dimension (2, N)
         Each pair of numbers indicates a pair of columns to take place
         in a Givens rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIGIVNUM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          GIVNUM is REAL array, dimension (2, N)
         Each number indicates the S value to be used in the
         corresponding Givens rotation.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINDXP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INDXP is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
         The permutation used to place deflated values of D at the end
         of the array.  INDXP(1:K) points to the nondeflated D-values
         and INDXP(K+1:N) points to the deflated eigenvalues.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINDX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INDX is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
         The permutation used to sort the contents of D into ascending
         order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Jeff Rutter, Computer Science Division, University of California at Berkeley, USA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 242 of file slaed8\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
