.TH "slaed5.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slaed5.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslaed5\fP (I, D, Z, DELTA, RHO, DLAM)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLAED5\fP used by sstedc\&. Solves the 2-by-2 secular equation\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slaed5 (integerI, real, dimension( 2 )D, real, dimension( 2 )Z, real, dimension( 2 )DELTA, realRHO, realDLAM)"

.PP
\fBSLAED5\fP used by sstedc\&. Solves the 2-by-2 secular equation\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 This subroutine computes the I-th eigenvalue of a symmetric rank-one
 modification of a 2-by-2 diagonal matrix

            diag( D )  +  RHO * Z * transpose(Z) .

 The diagonal elements in the array D are assumed to satisfy

            D(i) < D(j)  for  i < j .

 We also assume RHO > 0 and that the Euclidean norm of the vector
 Z is one.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fII\fP 
.PP
.nf
          I is INTEGER
         The index of the eigenvalue to be computed.  I = 1 or I = 2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (2)
         The original eigenvalues.  We assume D(1) < D(2).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is REAL array, dimension (2)
         The components of the updating vector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDELTA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DELTA is REAL array, dimension (2)
         The vector DELTA contains the information necessary
         to construct the eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRHO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RHO is REAL
         The scalar in the symmetric updating formula.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDLAM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DLAM is REAL
         The computed lambda_I, the I-th updated eigenvalue.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Ren-Cang Li, Computer Science Division, University of California at Berkeley, USA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 109 of file slaed5\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
