.TH "slantb.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slantb.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "REAL function \fBslantb\fP (NORM, UPLO, DIAG, N, K, AB, LDAB, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLANTB\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a triangular band matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "REAL function slantb (characterNORM, characterUPLO, characterDIAG, integerN, integerK, real, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, real, dimension( * )WORK)"

.PP
\fBSLANTB\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a triangular band matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLANTB  returns the value of the one norm,  or the Frobenius norm, or
 the  infinity norm,  or the element of  largest absolute value  of an
 n by n triangular band matrix A,  with ( k + 1 ) diagonals.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
SLANTB 
.PP
.nf
    SLANTB = ( max(abs(A(i,j))), NORM = 'M' or 'm'
             (
             ( norm1(A),         NORM = '1', 'O' or 'o'
             (
             ( normI(A),         NORM = 'I' or 'i'
             (
             ( normF(A),         NORM = 'F', 'f', 'E' or 'e'

 where  norm1  denotes the  one norm of a matrix (maximum column sum),
 normI  denotes the  infinity norm  of a matrix  (maximum row sum) and
 normF  denotes the  Frobenius norm of a matrix (square root of sum of
 squares).  Note that  max(abs(A(i,j)))  is not a consistent matrix norm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fINORM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NORM is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the value to be returned in SLANTB as described
          above.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the matrix A is upper or lower triangular.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular
          = 'L':  Lower triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether or not the matrix A is unit triangular.
          = 'N':  Non-unit triangular
          = 'U':  Unit triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.  When N = 0, SLANTB is
          set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of super-diagonals of the matrix A if UPLO = 'U',
          or the number of sub-diagonals of the matrix A if UPLO = 'L'.
          K >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is REAL array, dimension (LDAB,N)
          The upper or lower triangular band matrix A, stored in the
          first k+1 rows of AB.  The j-th column of A is stored
          in the j-th column of the array AB as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(k+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-k)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)   = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+k).
          Note that when DIAG = 'U', the elements of the array AB
          corresponding to the diagonal elements of the matrix A are
          not referenced, but are assumed to be one.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= K+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK)),
          where LWORK >= N when NORM = 'I'; otherwise, WORK is not
          referenced.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 140 of file slantb\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
