.TH "slaqsy.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slaqsy.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslaqsy\fP (UPLO, N, A, LDA, S, SCOND, AMAX, EQUED)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLAQSY\fP scales a symmetric/Hermitian matrix, using scaling factors computed by spoequ\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slaqsy (characterUPLO, integerN, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( * )S, realSCOND, realAMAX, characterEQUED)"

.PP
\fBSLAQSY\fP scales a symmetric/Hermitian matrix, using scaling factors computed by spoequ\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLAQSY equilibrates a symmetric matrix A using the scaling factors
 in the vector S.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          symmetric matrix A is stored.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular
          = 'L':  Lower triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          n by n upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading n by n lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.

          On exit, if EQUED = 'Y', the equilibrated matrix:
          diag(S) * A * diag(S).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(N,1).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          S is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The scale factors for A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISCOND\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SCOND is REAL
          Ratio of the smallest S(i) to the largest S(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAMAX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AMAX is REAL
          Absolute value of largest matrix entry.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIEQUED\fP 
.PP
.nf
          EQUED is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether or not equilibration was done.
          = 'N':  No equilibration.
          = 'Y':  Equilibration was done, i.e., A has been replaced by
                  diag(S) * A * diag(S).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBInternal Parameters: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  THRESH is a threshold value used to decide if scaling should be done
  based on the ratio of the scaling factors.  If SCOND < THRESH,
  scaling is done.

  LARGE and SMALL are threshold values used to decide if scaling should
  be done based on the absolute size of the largest matrix element.
  If AMAX > LARGE or AMAX < SMALL, scaling is done.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 134 of file slaqsy\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
