.TH "slaqp2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slaqp2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslaqp2\fP (M, N, OFFSET, A, LDA, JPVT, TAU, VN1, VN2, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLAQP2\fP computes a QR factorization with column pivoting of the matrix block\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slaqp2 (integerM, integerN, integerOFFSET, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( * )JPVT, real, dimension( * )TAU, real, dimension( * )VN1, real, dimension( * )VN2, real, dimension( * )WORK)"

.PP
\fBSLAQP2\fP computes a QR factorization with column pivoting of the matrix block\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLAQP2 computes a QR factorization with column pivoting of
 the block A(OFFSET+1:M,1:N).
 The block A(1:OFFSET,1:N) is accordingly pivoted, but not factorized.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIOFFSET\fP 
.PP
.nf
          OFFSET is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A that must be pivoted
          but no factorized. OFFSET >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix A.
          On exit, the upper triangle of block A(OFFSET+1:M,1:N) is 
          the triangular factor obtained; the elements in block 
          A(OFFSET+1:M,1:N) below the diagonal, together with the 
          array TAU, represent the orthogonal matrix Q as a product of
          elementary reflectors. Block A(1:OFFSET,1:N) has been
          accordingly pivoted, but no factorized.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A. LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIJPVT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JPVT is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          On entry, if JPVT(i) .ne. 0, the i-th column of A is permuted
          to the front of A*P (a leading column); if JPVT(i) = 0,
          the i-th column of A is a free column.
          On exit, if JPVT(i) = k, then the i-th column of A*P
          was the k-th column of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is REAL array, dimension (min(M,N))
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VN1 is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The vector with the partial column norms.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIVN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VN2 is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The vector with the exact column norms.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
G\&. Quintana-Orti, Depto\&. de Informatica, Universidad Jaime I, Spain X\&. Sun, Computer Science Dept\&., Duke University, USA 
.br
 Partial column norm updating strategy modified on April 2011 Z\&. Drmac and Z\&. Bujanovic, Dept\&. of Mathematics, University of Zagreb, Croatia\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReferences: \fP
.RS 4
LAPACK Working Note 176  
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file slaqp2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
