.TH "slarrk.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slarrk.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslarrk\fP (N, IW, GL, GU, D, E2, PIVMIN, RELTOL, W, WERR, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLARRK\fP computes one eigenvalue of a symmetric tridiagonal matrix T to suitable accuracy\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slarrk (integerN, integerIW, realGL, realGU, real, dimension( * )D, real, dimension( * )E2, realPIVMIN, realRELTOL, realW, realWERR, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSLARRK\fP computes one eigenvalue of a symmetric tridiagonal matrix T to suitable accuracy\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLARRK computes one eigenvalue of a symmetric tridiagonal
 matrix T to suitable accuracy. This is an auxiliary code to be
 called from SSTEMR.

 To avoid overflow, the matrix must be scaled so that its
 largest element is no greater than overflow**(1/2) * underflow**(1/4) in absolute value, and for greatest
 accuracy, it should not be much smaller than that.

 See W. Kahan "Accurate Eigenvalues of a Symmetric Tridiagonal
 Matrix", Report CS41, Computer Science Dept., Stanford
 University, July 21, 1966.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the tridiagonal matrix T.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IW is INTEGER
          The index of the eigenvalues to be returned.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIGL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          GL is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIGU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          GU is REAL
          An upper and a lower bound on the eigenvalue.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The n diagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E2 is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) squared off-diagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPIVMIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PIVMIN is REAL
          The minimum pivot allowed in the Sturm sequence for T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRELTOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RELTOL is REAL
          The minimum relative width of an interval.  When an interval
          is narrower than RELTOL times the larger (in
          magnitude) endpoint, then it is considered to be
          sufficiently small, i.e., converged.  Note: this should
          always be at least radix*machine epsilon.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WERR is REAL
          The error bound on the corresponding eigenvalue approximation
          in W.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:       Eigenvalue converged
          = -1:      Eigenvalue did NOT converge
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBInternal Parameters: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  FUDGE   REAL            , default = 2
          A "fudge factor" to widen the Gershgorin intervals.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 145 of file slarrk\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
