.TH "slaruv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slaruv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslaruv\fP (ISEED, N, X)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLARUV\fP returns a vector of n random real numbers from a uniform distribution\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slaruv (integer, dimension( 4 )ISEED, integerN, real, dimension( n )X)"

.PP
\fBSLARUV\fP returns a vector of n random real numbers from a uniform distribution\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLARUV returns a vector of n random real numbers from a uniform (0,1)
 distribution (n <= 128).

 This is an auxiliary routine called by SLARNV and CLARNV.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIISEED\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ISEED is INTEGER array, dimension (4)
          On entry, the seed of the random number generator; the array
          elements must be between 0 and 4095, and ISEED(4) must be
          odd.
          On exit, the seed is updated.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of random numbers to be generated. N <= 128.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The generated random numbers.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  This routine uses a multiplicative congruential method with modulus
  2**48 and multiplier 33952834046453 (see G.S.Fishman,
  'Multiplicative congruential random number generators with modulus
  2**b: an exhaustive analysis for b = 32 and a partial analysis for
  b = 48', Math. Comp. 189, pp 331-344, 1990).

  48-bit integers are stored in 4 integer array elements with 12 bits
  per element. Hence the routine is portable across machines with
  integers of 32 bits or more.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 96 of file slaruv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
