.TH "slarrj.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slarrj.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslarrj\fP (N, D, E2, IFIRST, ILAST, RTOL, OFFSET, W, WERR, WORK, IWORK, PIVMIN, SPDIAM, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLARRJ\fP performs refinement of the initial estimates of the eigenvalues of the matrix T\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slarrj (integerN, real, dimension( * )D, real, dimension( * )E2, integerIFIRST, integerILAST, realRTOL, integerOFFSET, real, dimension( * )W, real, dimension( * )WERR, real, dimension( * )WORK, integer, dimension( * )IWORK, realPIVMIN, realSPDIAM, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSLARRJ\fP performs refinement of the initial estimates of the eigenvalues of the matrix T\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 Given the initial eigenvalue approximations of T, SLARRJ
 does  bisection to refine the eigenvalues of T,
 W( IFIRST-OFFSET ) through W( ILAST-OFFSET ), to more accuracy. Initial
 guesses for these eigenvalues are input in W, the corresponding estimate
 of the error in these guesses in WERR. During bisection, intervals
 [left, right] are maintained by storing their mid-points and
 semi-widths in the arrays W and WERR respectively.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The N diagonal elements of T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E2 is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          The Squares of the (N-1) subdiagonal elements of T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIFIRST\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IFIRST is INTEGER
          The index of the first eigenvalue to be computed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIILAST\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ILAST is INTEGER
          The index of the last eigenvalue to be computed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRTOL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RTOL is REAL
          Tolerance for the convergence of the bisection intervals.
          An interval [LEFT,RIGHT] has converged if
          RIGHT-LEFT.LT.RTOL*MAX(|LEFT|,|RIGHT|).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIOFFSET\fP 
.PP
.nf
          OFFSET is INTEGER
          Offset for the arrays W and WERR, i.e., the IFIRST-OFFSET
          through ILAST-OFFSET elements of these arrays are to be used.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is REAL array, dimension (N)
          On input, W( IFIRST-OFFSET ) through W( ILAST-OFFSET ) are
          estimates of the eigenvalues of L D L^T indexed IFIRST through
          ILAST.
          On output, these estimates are refined.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WERR is REAL array, dimension (N)
          On input, WERR( IFIRST-OFFSET ) through WERR( ILAST-OFFSET ) are
          the errors in the estimates of the corresponding elements in W.
          On output, these errors are refined.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (2*N)
          Workspace.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IWORK is INTEGER array, dimension (2*N)
          Workspace.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPIVMIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PIVMIN is REAL
          The minimum pivot in the Sturm sequence for T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISPDIAM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SPDIAM is REAL
          The spectral diameter of T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          Error flag.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Beresford Parlett, University of California, Berkeley, USA 
.br
 Jim Demmel, University of California, Berkeley, USA 
.br
 Inderjit Dhillon, University of Texas, Austin, USA 
.br
 Osni Marques, LBNL/NERSC, USA 
.br
 Christof Voemel, University of California, Berkeley, USA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 167 of file slarrj\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
