.TH "slaset.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slaset.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslaset\fP (UPLO, M, N, ALPHA, BETA, A, LDA)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLASET\fP initializes the off-diagonal elements and the diagonal elements of a matrix to given values\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slaset (characterUPLO, integerM, integerN, realALPHA, realBETA, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA)"

.PP
\fBSLASET\fP initializes the off-diagonal elements and the diagonal elements of a matrix to given values\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLASET initializes an m-by-n matrix A to BETA on the diagonal and
 ALPHA on the offdiagonals.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the part of the matrix A to be set.
          = 'U':      Upper triangular part is set; the strictly lower
                      triangular part of A is not changed.
          = 'L':      Lower triangular part is set; the strictly upper
                      triangular part of A is not changed.
          Otherwise:  All of the matrix A is set.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is REAL
          The constant to which the offdiagonal elements are to be set.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is REAL
          The constant to which the diagonal elements are to be set.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On exit, the leading m-by-n submatrix of A is set as follows:

          if UPLO = 'U', A(i,j) = ALPHA, 1<=i<=j-1, 1<=j<=n,
          if UPLO = 'L', A(i,j) = ALPHA, j+1<=i<=m, 1<=j<=n,
          otherwise,     A(i,j) = ALPHA, 1<=i<=m, 1<=j<=n, i.ne.j,

          and, for all UPLO, A(i,i) = BETA, 1<=i<=min(m,n).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 111 of file slaset\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
