.TH "slasd4.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slasd4.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslasd4\fP (N, I, D, Z, DELTA, RHO, SIGMA, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLASD4\fP computes the square root of the i-th updated eigenvalue of a positive symmetric rank-one modification to a positive diagonal matrix\&. Used by sbdsdc\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slasd4 (integerN, integerI, real, dimension( * )D, real, dimension( * )Z, real, dimension( * )DELTA, realRHO, realSIGMA, real, dimension( * )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSLASD4\fP computes the square root of the i-th updated eigenvalue of a positive symmetric rank-one modification to a positive diagonal matrix\&. Used by sbdsdc\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 This subroutine computes the square root of the I-th updated
 eigenvalue of a positive symmetric rank-one modification to
 a positive diagonal matrix whose entries are given as the squares
 of the corresponding entries in the array d, and that

        0 <= D(i) < D(j)  for  i < j

 and that RHO > 0. This is arranged by the calling routine, and is
 no loss in generality.  The rank-one modified system is thus

        diag( D ) * diag( D ) +  RHO * Z * Z_transpose.

 where we assume the Euclidean norm of Z is 1.

 The method consists of approximating the rational functions in the
 secular equation by simpler interpolating rational functions.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
         The length of all arrays.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fII\fP 
.PP
.nf
          I is INTEGER
         The index of the eigenvalue to be computed.  1 <= I <= N.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension ( N )
         The original eigenvalues.  It is assumed that they are in
         order, 0 <= D(I) < D(J)  for I < J.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is REAL array, dimension ( N )
         The components of the updating vector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDELTA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DELTA is REAL array, dimension ( N )
         If N .ne. 1, DELTA contains (D(j) - sigma_I) in its  j-th
         component.  If N = 1, then DELTA(1) = 1.  The vector DELTA
         contains the information necessary to construct the
         (singular) eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRHO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RHO is REAL
         The scalar in the symmetric updating formula.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISIGMA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIGMA is REAL
         The computed sigma_I, the I-th updated eigenvalue.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension ( N )
         If N .ne. 1, WORK contains (D(j) + sigma_I) in its  j-th
         component.  If N = 1, then WORK( 1 ) = 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
         = 0:  successful exit
         > 0:  if INFO = 1, the updating process failed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBInternal Parameters: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Logical variable ORGATI (origin-at-i?) is used for distinguishing
  whether D(i) or D(i+1) is treated as the origin.

            ORGATI = .true.    origin at i
            ORGATI = .false.   origin at i+1

  Logical variable SWTCH3 (switch-for-3-poles?) is for noting
  if we are working with THREE poles!

  MAXIT is the maximum number of iterations allowed for each
  eigenvalue.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2013 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
Ren-Cang Li, Computer Science Division, University of California at Berkeley, USA 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 154 of file slasd4\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
