.TH "slascl.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slascl.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslascl\fP (TYPE, KL, KU, CFROM, CTO, M, N, A, LDA, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLASCL\fP multiplies a general rectangular matrix by a real scalar defined as cto/cfrom\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slascl (characterTYPE, integerKL, integerKU, realCFROM, realCTO, integerM, integerN, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSLASCL\fP multiplies a general rectangular matrix by a real scalar defined as cto/cfrom\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLASCL multiplies the M by N real matrix A by the real scalar
 CTO/CFROM.  This is done without over/underflow as long as the final
 result CTO*A(I,J)/CFROM does not over/underflow. TYPE specifies that
 A may be full, upper triangular, lower triangular, upper Hessenberg,
 or banded.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITYPE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TYPE is CHARACTER*1
          TYPE indices the storage type of the input matrix.
          = 'G':  A is a full matrix.
          = 'L':  A is a lower triangular matrix.
          = 'U':  A is an upper triangular matrix.
          = 'H':  A is an upper Hessenberg matrix.
          = 'B':  A is a symmetric band matrix with lower bandwidth KL
                  and upper bandwidth KU and with the only the lower
                  half stored.
          = 'Q':  A is a symmetric band matrix with lower bandwidth KL
                  and upper bandwidth KU and with the only the upper
                  half stored.
          = 'Z':  A is a band matrix with lower bandwidth KL and upper
                  bandwidth KU. See SGBTRF for storage details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KL is INTEGER
          The lower bandwidth of A.  Referenced only if TYPE = 'B',
          'Q' or 'Z'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KU is INTEGER
          The upper bandwidth of A.  Referenced only if TYPE = 'B',
          'Q' or 'Z'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICFROM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CFROM is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fICTO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          CTO is REAL

          The matrix A is multiplied by CTO/CFROM. A(I,J) is computed
          without over/underflow if the final result CTO*A(I,J)/CFROM
          can be represented without over/underflow.  CFROM must be
          nonzero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          The matrix to be multiplied by CTO/CFROM.  See TYPE for the
          storage type.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          0  - successful exit
          <0 - if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 140 of file slascl\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
