.TH "slas2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slas2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslas2\fP (F, G, H, SSMIN, SSMAX)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLAS2\fP computes singular values of a 2-by-2 triangular matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slas2 (realF, realG, realH, realSSMIN, realSSMAX)"

.PP
\fBSLAS2\fP computes singular values of a 2-by-2 triangular matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLAS2  computes the singular values of the 2-by-2 matrix
    [  F   G  ]
    [  0   H  ].
 On return, SSMIN is the smaller singular value and SSMAX is the
 larger singular value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          F is REAL
          The (1,1) element of the 2-by-2 matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          G is REAL
          The (1,2) element of the 2-by-2 matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIH\fP 
.PP
.nf
          H is REAL
          The (2,2) element of the 2-by-2 matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISSMIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SSMIN is REAL
          The smaller singular value.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISSMAX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SSMAX is REAL
          The larger singular value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Barring over/underflow, all output quantities are correct to within
  a few units in the last place (ulps), even in the absence of a guard
  digit in addition/subtraction.

  In IEEE arithmetic, the code works correctly if one matrix element is
  infinite.

  Overflow will not occur unless the largest singular value itself
  overflows, or is within a few ulps of overflow. (On machines with
  partial overflow, like the Cray, overflow may occur if the largest
  singular value is within a factor of 2 of overflow.)

  Underflow is harmless if underflow is gradual. Otherwise, results
  may correspond to a matrix modified by perturbations of size near
  the underflow threshold.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file slas2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
