.TH "slasq3.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slasq3.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslasq3\fP (I0, N0, Z, PP, DMIN, SIGMA, DESIG, QMAX, NFAIL, ITER, NDIV, IEEE, TTYPE, DMIN1, DMIN2, DN, DN1, DN2, G, TAU)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLASQ3\fP checks for deflation, computes a shift and calls dqds\&. Used by sbdsqr\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slasq3 (integerI0, integerN0, real, dimension( * )Z, integerPP, realDMIN, realSIGMA, realDESIG, realQMAX, integerNFAIL, integerITER, integerNDIV, logicalIEEE, integerTTYPE, realDMIN1, realDMIN2, realDN, realDN1, realDN2, realG, realTAU)"

.PP
\fBSLASQ3\fP checks for deflation, computes a shift and calls dqds\&. Used by sbdsqr\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLASQ3 checks for deflation, computes a shift (TAU) and calls dqds.
 In case of failure it changes shifts, and tries again until output
 is positive.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fII0\fP 
.PP
.nf
          I0 is INTEGER
         First index.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN0\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N0 is INTEGER
         Last index.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is REAL array, dimension ( 4*N )
         Z holds the qd array.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PP is INTEGER
         PP=0 for ping, PP=1 for pong.
         PP=2 indicates that flipping was applied to the Z array   
         and that the initial tests for deflation should not be 
         performed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN is REAL
         Minimum value of d.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISIGMA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIGMA is REAL
         Sum of shifts used in current segment.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDESIG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DESIG is REAL
         Lower order part of SIGMA
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQMAX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          QMAX is REAL
         Maximum value of q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINFAIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NFAIL is INTEGER
         Number of times shift was too big.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIITER\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ITER is INTEGER
         Number of iterations.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINDIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NDIV is INTEGER
         Number of divisions.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIEEE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IEEE is LOGICAL
         Flag for IEEE or non IEEE arithmetic (passed to SLASQ5).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITTYPE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TTYPE is INTEGER
         Shift type.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN1 is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDMIN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DMIN2 is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN1 is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDN2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DN2 is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          G is REAL
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is REAL

         These are passed as arguments in order to save their values
         between calls to SLASQ3.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 181 of file slasq3\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
