.TH "slatrd.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
slatrd.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBslatrd\fP (UPLO, N, NB, A, LDA, E, TAU, W, LDW)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSLATRD\fP reduces the first nb rows and columns of a symmetric/Hermitian matrix A to real tridiagonal form by an orthogonal similarity transformation\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine slatrd (characterUPLO, integerN, integerNB, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( * )E, real, dimension( * )TAU, real, dimension( ldw, * )W, integerLDW)"

.PP
\fBSLATRD\fP reduces the first nb rows and columns of a symmetric/Hermitian matrix A to real tridiagonal form by an orthogonal similarity transformation\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SLATRD reduces NB rows and columns of a real symmetric matrix A to
 symmetric tridiagonal form by an orthogonal similarity
 transformation Q**T * A * Q, and returns the matrices V and W which are
 needed to apply the transformation to the unreduced part of A.

 If UPLO = 'U', SLATRD reduces the last NB rows and columns of a
 matrix, of which the upper triangle is supplied;
 if UPLO = 'L', SLATRD reduces the first NB rows and columns of a
 matrix, of which the lower triangle is supplied.

 This is an auxiliary routine called by SSYTRD.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          symmetric matrix A is stored:
          = 'U': Upper triangular
          = 'L': Lower triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NB is INTEGER
          The number of rows and columns to be reduced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          n-by-n upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading n-by-n lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.
          On exit:
          if UPLO = 'U', the last NB columns have been reduced to
            tridiagonal form, with the diagonal elements overwriting
            the diagonal elements of A; the elements above the diagonal
            with the array TAU, represent the orthogonal matrix Q as a
            product of elementary reflectors;
          if UPLO = 'L', the first NB columns have been reduced to
            tridiagonal form, with the diagonal elements overwriting
            the diagonal elements of A; the elements below the diagonal
            with the array TAU, represent the  orthogonal matrix Q as a
            product of elementary reflectors.
          See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= (1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          If UPLO = 'U', E(n-nb:n-1) contains the superdiagonal
          elements of the last NB columns of the reduced matrix;
          if UPLO = 'L', E(1:nb) contains the subdiagonal elements of
          the first NB columns of the reduced matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors, stored in
          TAU(n-nb:n-1) if UPLO = 'U', and in TAU(1:nb) if UPLO = 'L'.
          See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is REAL array, dimension (LDW,NB)
          The n-by-nb matrix W required to update the unreduced part
          of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDW is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array W. LDW >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  If UPLO = 'U', the matrix Q is represented as a product of elementary
  reflectors

     Q = H(n) H(n-1) . . . H(n-nb+1).

  Each H(i) has the form

     H(i) = I - tau * v * v**T

  where tau is a real scalar, and v is a real vector with
  v(i:n) = 0 and v(i-1) = 1; v(1:i-1) is stored on exit in A(1:i-1,i),
  and tau in TAU(i-1).

  If UPLO = 'L', the matrix Q is represented as a product of elementary
  reflectors

     Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(nb).

  Each H(i) has the form

     H(i) = I - tau * v * v**T

  where tau is a real scalar, and v is a real vector with
  v(1:i) = 0 and v(i+1) = 1; v(i+1:n) is stored on exit in A(i+1:n,i),
  and tau in TAU(i).

  The elements of the vectors v together form the n-by-nb matrix V
  which is needed, with W, to apply the transformation to the unreduced
  part of the matrix, using a symmetric rank-2k update of the form:
  A := A - V*W**T - W*V**T.

  The contents of A on exit are illustrated by the following examples
  with n = 5 and nb = 2:

  if UPLO = 'U':                       if UPLO = 'L':

    (  a   a   a   v4  v5 )              (  d                  )
    (      a   a   v4  v5 )              (  1   d              )
    (          a   1   v5 )              (  v1  1   a          )
    (              d   1  )              (  v1  v2  a   a      )
    (                  d  )              (  v1  v2  a   a   a  )

  where d denotes a diagonal element of the reduced matrix, a denotes
  an element of the original matrix that is unchanged, and vi denotes
  an element of the vector defining H(i).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 199 of file slatrd\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
