.TH "sorgrq.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sorgrq.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBsorgrq\fP (M, N, K, A, LDA, TAU, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSORGRQ\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine sorgrq (integerM, integerN, integerK, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( * )TAU, real, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSORGRQ\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SORGRQ generates an M-by-N real matrix Q with orthonormal rows,
 which is defined as the last M rows of a product of K elementary
 reflectors of order N

       Q  =  H(1) H(2) . . . H(k)

 as returned by SGERQF.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix Q. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix Q. N >= M.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of elementary reflectors whose product defines the
          matrix Q. M >= K >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the (m-k+i)-th row must contain the vector which
          defines the elementary reflector H(i), for i = 1,2,...,k, as
          returned by SGERQF in the last k rows of its array argument
          A.
          On exit, the M-by-N matrix Q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The first dimension of the array A. LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is REAL array, dimension (K)
          TAU(i) must contain the scalar factor of the elementary
          reflector H(i), as returned by SGERQF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK. LWORK >= max(1,M).
          For optimum performance LWORK >= M*NB, where NB is the
          optimal blocksize.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument has an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 129 of file sorgrq\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
