.TH "sposv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sposv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBsposv\fP (UPLO, N, NRHS, A, LDA, B, LDB, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB SPOSV computes the solution to system of linear equations A * X = B for PO matrices\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine sposv (characterUPLO, integerN, integerNRHS, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB SPOSV computes the solution to system of linear equations A * X = B for PO matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SPOSV computes the solution to a real system of linear equations
    A * X = B,
 where A is an N-by-N symmetric positive definite matrix and X and B
 are N-by-NRHS matrices.

 The Cholesky decomposition is used to factor A as
    A = U**T* U,  if UPLO = 'U', or
    A = L * L**T,  if UPLO = 'L',
 where U is an upper triangular matrix and L is a lower triangular
 matrix.  The factored form of A is then used to solve the system of
 equations A * X = B.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of linear equations, i.e., the order of the
          matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          N-by-N upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading N-by-N lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the factor U or L from the Cholesky
          factorization A = U**T*U or A = L*L**T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is REAL array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          On entry, the N-by-NRHS right hand side matrix B.
          On exit, if INFO = 0, the N-by-NRHS solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, the leading minor of order i of A is not
                positive definite, so the factorization could not be
                completed, and the solution has not been computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file sposv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
