.TH "sptrfs.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sptrfs.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBsptrfs\fP (N, NRHS, D, E, DF, EF, B, LDB, X, LDX, FERR, BERR, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSPTRFS\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine sptrfs (integerN, integerNRHS, real, dimension( * )D, real, dimension( * )E, real, dimension( * )DF, real, dimension( * )EF, real, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, real, dimension( ldx, * )X, integerLDX, real, dimension( * )FERR, real, dimension( * )BERR, real, dimension( * )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSPTRFS\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SPTRFS improves the computed solution to a system of linear
 equations when the coefficient matrix is symmetric positive definite
 and tridiagonal, and provides error bounds and backward error
 estimates for the solution.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The n diagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) subdiagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DF is REAL array, dimension (N)
          The n diagonal elements of the diagonal matrix D from the
          factorization computed by SPTTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIEF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          EF is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) subdiagonal elements of the unit bidiagonal factor
          L from the factorization computed by SPTTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is REAL array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          The right hand side matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is REAL array, dimension (LDX,NRHS)
          On entry, the solution matrix X, as computed by SPTTRS.
          On exit, the improved solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array X.  LDX >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIFERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          FERR is REAL array, dimension (NRHS)
          The forward error bound for each solution vector
          X(j) (the j-th column of the solution matrix X).
          If XTRUE is the true solution corresponding to X(j), FERR(j)
          is an estimated upper bound for the magnitude of the largest
          element in (X(j) - XTRUE) divided by the magnitude of the
          largest element in X(j).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BERR is REAL array, dimension (NRHS)
          The componentwise relative backward error of each solution
          vector X(j) (i.e., the smallest relative change in
          any element of A or B that makes X(j) an exact solution).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBInternal Parameters: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  ITMAX is the maximum number of steps of iterative refinement.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 163 of file sptrfs\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
