.TH "xerbla_array.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
xerbla_array.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBxerbla_array\fP (SRNAME_ARRAY, SRNAME_LEN, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBXERBLA_ARRAY\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine xerbla_array (character(1), dimension(srname_len)SRNAME_ARRAY, integerSRNAME_LEN, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBXERBLA_ARRAY\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 XERBLA_ARRAY assists other languages in calling XERBLA, the LAPACK
 and BLAS error handler.  Rather than taking a Fortran string argument
 as the function's name, XERBLA_ARRAY takes an array of single
 characters along with the array's length.  XERBLA_ARRAY then copies
 up to 32 characters of that array into a Fortran string and passes
 that to XERBLA.  If called with a non-positive SRNAME_LEN,
 XERBLA_ARRAY will call XERBLA with a string of all blank characters.

 Say some macro or other device makes XERBLA_ARRAY available to C99
 by a name lapack_xerbla and with a common Fortran calling convention.
 Then a C99 program could invoke XERBLA via:
    {
      int flen = strlen(__func__);
      lapack_xerbla(__func__, &flen, &info);
    }

 Providing XERBLA_ARRAY is not necessary for intercepting LAPACK
 errors.  XERBLA_ARRAY calls XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISRNAME_ARRAY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SRNAME_ARRAY is CHARACTER(1) array, dimension (SRNAME_LEN)
          The name of the routine which called XERBLA_ARRAY.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISRNAME_LEN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SRNAME_LEN is INTEGER
          The length of the name in SRNAME_ARRAY.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          The position of the invalid parameter in the parameter list
          of the calling routine.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 91 of file SRC/xerbla_array\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
