.TH "sstev.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
sstev.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBsstev\fP (JOBZ, N, D, E, Z, LDZ, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB SSTEV computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine sstev (characterJOBZ, integerN, real, dimension( * )D, real, dimension( * )E, real, dimension( ldz, * )Z, integerLDZ, real, dimension( * )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB SSTEV computes the eigenvalues and, optionally, the left and/or right eigenvectors for OTHER matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SSTEV computes all eigenvalues and, optionally, eigenvectors of a
 real symmetric tridiagonal matrix A.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOBZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOBZ is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  Compute eigenvalues only;
          = 'V':  Compute eigenvalues and eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is REAL array, dimension (N)
          On entry, the n diagonal elements of the tridiagonal matrix
          A.
          On exit, if INFO = 0, the eigenvalues in ascending order.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is REAL array, dimension (N-1)
          On entry, the (n-1) subdiagonal elements of the tridiagonal
          matrix A, stored in elements 1 to N-1 of E.
          On exit, the contents of E are destroyed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Z is REAL array, dimension (LDZ, N)
          If JOBZ = 'V', then if INFO = 0, Z contains the orthonormal
          eigenvectors of the matrix A, with the i-th column of Z
          holding the eigenvector associated with D(i).
          If JOBZ = 'N', then Z is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDZ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDZ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Z.  LDZ >= 1, and if
          JOBZ = 'V', LDZ >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (max(1,2*N-2))
          If JOBZ = 'N', WORK is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, the algorithm failed to converge; i
                off-diagonal elements of E did not converge to zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 117 of file sstev\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
