.TH "ssytrf_rook.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ssytrf_rook.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBssytrf_rook\fP (UPLO, N, A, LDA, IPIV, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSSYTRF_ROOK\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine ssytrf_rook (characterUPLO, integerN, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, real, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSSYTRF_ROOK\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 SSYTRF_ROOK computes the factorization of a real symmetric matrix A
 using the bounded Bunch-Kaufman ("rook") diagonal pivoting method.
 The form of the factorization is

    A = U*D*U**T  or  A = L*D*L**T

 where U (or L) is a product of permutation and unit upper (lower)
 triangular matrices, and D is symmetric and block diagonal with
 1-by-1 and 2-by-2 diagonal blocks.

 This is the blocked version of the algorithm, calling Level 3 BLAS.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the symmetric matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading
          N-by-N upper triangular part of A contains the upper
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading N-by-N lower triangular part of A contains the lower
          triangular part of the matrix A, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.

          On exit, the block diagonal matrix D and the multipliers used
          to obtain the factor U or L (see below for further details).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          Details of the interchanges and the block structure of D.

          If UPLO = 'U':
               If IPIV(k) > 0, then rows and columns k and IPIV(k)
               were interchanged and D(k,k) is a 1-by-1 diagonal block.

               If IPIV(k) < 0 and IPIV(k-1) < 0, then rows and
               columns k and -IPIV(k) were interchanged and rows and
               columns k-1 and -IPIV(k-1) were inerchaged,
               D(k-1:k,k-1:k) is a 2-by-2 diagonal block.

          If UPLO = 'L':
               If IPIV(k) > 0, then rows and columns k and IPIV(k)
               were interchanged and D(k,k) is a 1-by-1 diagonal block.

               If IPIV(k) < 0 and IPIV(k+1) < 0, then rows and
               columns k and -IPIV(k) were interchanged and rows and
               columns k+1 and -IPIV(k+1) were inerchaged,
               D(k:k+1,k:k+1) is a 2-by-2 diagonal block.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK)).
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The length of WORK.  LWORK >=1.  For best performance
          LWORK >= N*NB, where NB is the block size returned by ILAENV.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, D(i,i) is exactly zero.  The factorization
                has been completed, but the block diagonal matrix D is
                exactly singular, and division by zero will occur if it
                is used to solve a system of equations.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  If UPLO = 'U', then A = U*D*U**T, where
     U = P(n)*U(n)* ... *P(k)U(k)* ...,
  i.e., U is a product of terms P(k)*U(k), where k decreases from n to
  1 in steps of 1 or 2, and D is a block diagonal matrix with 1-by-1
  and 2-by-2 diagonal blocks D(k).  P(k) is a permutation matrix as
  defined by IPIV(k), and U(k) is a unit upper triangular matrix, such
  that if the diagonal block D(k) is of order s (s = 1 or 2), then

             (   I    v    0   )   k-s
     U(k) =  (   0    I    0   )   s
             (   0    0    I   )   n-k
                k-s   s   n-k

  If s = 1, D(k) overwrites A(k,k), and v overwrites A(1:k-1,k).
  If s = 2, the upper triangle of D(k) overwrites A(k-1,k-1), A(k-1,k),
  and A(k,k), and v overwrites A(1:k-2,k-1:k).

  If UPLO = 'L', then A = L*D*L**T, where
     L = P(1)*L(1)* ... *P(k)*L(k)* ...,
  i.e., L is a product of terms P(k)*L(k), where k increases from 1 to
  n in steps of 1 or 2, and D is a block diagonal matrix with 1-by-1
  and 2-by-2 diagonal blocks D(k).  P(k) is a permutation matrix as
  defined by IPIV(k), and L(k) is a unit lower triangular matrix, such
  that if the diagonal block D(k) is of order s (s = 1 or 2), then

             (   I    0     0   )  k-1
     L(k) =  (   0    I     0   )  s
             (   0    v     I   )  n-k-s+1
                k-1   s  n-k-s+1

  If s = 1, D(k) overwrites A(k,k), and v overwrites A(k+1:n,k).
  If s = 2, the lower triangle of D(k) overwrites A(k,k), A(k+1,k),
  and A(k+1,k+1), and v overwrites A(k+2:n,k:k+1).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
   November 2011, Igor Kozachenko,
                  Computer Science Division,
                  University of California, Berkeley

  September 2007, Sven Hammarling, Nicholas J. Higham, Craig Lucas,
                  School of Mathematics,
                  University of Manchester
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 209 of file ssytrf_rook\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
