.TH "stpmqrt.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
stpmqrt.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBstpmqrt\fP (SIDE, TRANS, M, N, K, L, NB, V, LDV, T, LDT, A, LDA, B, LDB, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSTPMQRT\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine stpmqrt (characterSIDE, characterTRANS, integerM, integerN, integerK, integerL, integerNB, real, dimension( ldv, * )V, integerLDV, real, dimension( ldt, * )T, integerLDT, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, real, dimension( * )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSTPMQRT\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 STPMQRT applies a real orthogonal matrix Q obtained from a 
 "triangular-pentagonal" real block reflector H to a general
 real matrix C, which consists of two blocks A and B.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply Q or Q^H from the Left;
          = 'R': apply Q or Q^H from the Right.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  No transpose, apply Q;
          = 'C':  Transpose, apply Q^H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix B. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix B. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of elementary reflectors whose product defines
          the matrix Q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          L is INTEGER
          The order of the trapezoidal part of V.  
          K >= L >= 0.  See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NB is INTEGER
          The block size used for the storage of T.  K >= NB >= 1.
          This must be the same value of NB used to generate T
          in CTPQRT.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is REAL array, dimension (LDA,K)
          The i-th column must contain the vector which defines the
          elementary reflector H(i), for i = 1,2,...,k, as returned by
          CTPQRT in B.  See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDV is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array V.
          If SIDE = 'L', LDV >= max(1,M);
          if SIDE = 'R', LDV >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is REAL array, dimension (LDT,K)
          The upper triangular factors of the block reflectors
          as returned by CTPQRT, stored as a NB-by-K matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T.  LDT >= NB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension
          (LDA,N) if SIDE = 'L' or 
          (LDA,K) if SIDE = 'R'
          On entry, the K-by-N or M-by-K matrix A.
          On exit, A is overwritten by the corresponding block of 
          Q*C or Q^H*C or C*Q or C*Q^H.  See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A. 
          If SIDE = 'L', LDC >= max(1,K);
          If SIDE = 'R', LDC >= max(1,M). 
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is REAL array, dimension (LDB,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix B.
          On exit, B is overwritten by the corresponding block of
          Q*C or Q^H*C or C*Q or C*Q^H.  See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B. 
          LDB >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is REAL array. The dimension of WORK is
           N*NB if SIDE = 'L', or  M*NB if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2013 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The columns of the pentagonal matrix V contain the elementary reflectors
  H(1), H(2), ..., H(K); V is composed of a rectangular block V1 and a 
  trapezoidal block V2:

        V = [V1]
            [V2].

  The size of the trapezoidal block V2 is determined by the parameter L, 
  where 0 <= L <= K; V2 is upper trapezoidal, consisting of the first L
  rows of a K-by-K upper triangular matrix.  If L=K, V2 is upper triangular;
  if L=0, there is no trapezoidal block, hence V = V1 is rectangular.

  If SIDE = 'L':  C = [A]  where A is K-by-N,  B is M-by-N and V is M-by-K. 
                      [B]   
  
  If SIDE = 'R':  C = [A B]  where A is M-by-K, B is M-by-N and V is N-by-K.

  The real orthogonal matrix Q is formed from V and T.

  If TRANS='N' and SIDE='L', C is on exit replaced with Q * C.

  If TRANS='C' and SIDE='L', C is on exit replaced with Q^H * C.

  If TRANS='N' and SIDE='R', C is on exit replaced with C * Q.

  If TRANS='C' and SIDE='R', C is on exit replaced with C * Q^H.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 216 of file stpmqrt\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
