.TH "strtrs.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
strtrs.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBstrtrs\fP (UPLO, TRANS, DIAG, N, NRHS, A, LDA, B, LDB, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBSTRTRS\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine strtrs (characterUPLO, characterTRANS, characterDIAG, integerN, integerNRHS, real, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, real, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBSTRTRS\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 STRTRS solves a triangular system of the form

    A * X = B  or  A**T * X = B,

 where A is a triangular matrix of order N, and B is an N-by-NRHS
 matrix.  A check is made to verify that A is nonsingular.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  A is upper triangular;
          = 'L':  A is lower triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the form of the system of equations:
          = 'N':  A * X = B  (No transpose)
          = 'T':  A**T * X = B  (Transpose)
          = 'C':  A**H * X = B  (Conjugate transpose = Transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  A is non-unit triangular;
          = 'U':  A is unit triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is REAL array, dimension (LDA,N)
          The triangular matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading N-by-N
          upper triangular part of the array A contains the upper
          triangular matrix, and the strictly lower triangular part of
          A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the leading N-by-N lower
          triangular part of the array A contains the lower triangular
          matrix, and the strictly upper triangular part of A is not
          referenced.  If DIAG = 'U', the diagonal elements of A are
          also not referenced and are assumed to be 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is REAL array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          On entry, the right hand side matrix B.
          On exit, if INFO = 0, the solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0: if INFO = i, the i-th diagonal element of A is zero,
               indicating that the matrix is singular and the solutions
               X have not been computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 140 of file strtrs\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
