.TH "zgbbrd.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgbbrd.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgbbrd\fP (VECT, M, N, NCC, KL, KU, AB, LDAB, D, E, Q, LDQ, PT, LDPT, C, LDC, WORK, RWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZGBBRD\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgbbrd (characterVECT, integerM, integerN, integerNCC, integerKL, integerKU, complex*16, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, double precision, dimension( * )D, double precision, dimension( * )E, complex*16, dimension( ldq, * )Q, integerLDQ, complex*16, dimension( ldpt, * )PT, integerLDPT, complex*16, dimension( ldc, * )C, integerLDC, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, double precision, dimension( * )RWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZGBBRD\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGBBRD reduces a complex general m-by-n band matrix A to real upper
 bidiagonal form B by a unitary transformation: Q**H * A * P = B.

 The routine computes B, and optionally forms Q or P**H, or computes
 Q**H*C for a given matrix C.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIVECT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          VECT is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether or not the matrices Q and P**H are to be
          formed.
          = 'N': do not form Q or P**H;
          = 'Q': form Q only;
          = 'P': form P**H only;
          = 'B': form both.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINCC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NCC is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C.  NCC >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KL is INTEGER
          The number of subdiagonals of the matrix A. KL >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KU is INTEGER
          The number of superdiagonals of the matrix A. KU >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDAB,N)
          On entry, the m-by-n band matrix A, stored in rows 1 to
          KL+KU+1. The j-th column of A is stored in the j-th column of
          the array AB as follows:
          AB(ku+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-ku)<=i<=min(m,j+kl).
          On exit, A is overwritten by values generated during the
          reduction.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A. LDAB >= KL+KU+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (min(M,N))
          The diagonal elements of the bidiagonal matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          E is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (min(M,N)-1)
          The superdiagonal elements of the bidiagonal matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDQ,M)
          If VECT = 'Q' or 'B', the m-by-m unitary matrix Q.
          If VECT = 'N' or 'P', the array Q is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDQ is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array Q.
          LDQ >= max(1,M) if VECT = 'Q' or 'B'; LDQ >= 1 otherwise.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PT is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDPT,N)
          If VECT = 'P' or 'B', the n-by-n unitary matrix P'.
          If VECT = 'N' or 'Q', the array PT is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDPT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDPT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array PT.
          LDPT >= max(1,N) if VECT = 'P' or 'B'; LDPT >= 1 otherwise.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDC,NCC)
          On entry, an m-by-ncc matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by Q**H*C.
          C is not referenced if NCC = 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C.
          LDC >= max(1,M) if NCC > 0; LDC >= 1 if NCC = 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (max(M,N))
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (max(M,N))
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 193 of file zgbbrd\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
