.TH "zgemv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgemv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgemv\fP (TRANS, M, N, ALPHA, A, LDA, X, INCX, BETA, Y, INCY)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZGEMV\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgemv (characterTRANS, integerM, integerN, complex*16ALPHA, complex*16, dimension(lda,*)A, integerLDA, complex*16, dimension(*)X, integerINCX, complex*16BETA, complex*16, dimension(*)Y, integerINCY)"

.PP
\fBZGEMV\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGEMV  performs one of the matrix-vector operations

    y := alpha*A*x + beta*y,   or   y := alpha*A**T*x + beta*y,   or

    y := alpha*A**H*x + beta*y,

 where alpha and beta are scalars, x and y are vectors and A is an
 m by n matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, TRANS specifies the operation to be performed as
           follows:

              TRANS = 'N' or 'n'   y := alpha*A*x + beta*y.

              TRANS = 'T' or 't'   y := alpha*A**T*x + beta*y.

              TRANS = 'C' or 'c'   y := alpha*A**H*x + beta*y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
           On entry, M specifies the number of rows of the matrix A.
           M must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the number of columns of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION ( LDA, n ).
           Before entry, the leading m by n part of the array A must
           contain the matrix of coefficients.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           max( 1, m ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ) when TRANS = 'N' or 'n'
           and at least
           ( 1 + ( m - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ) otherwise.
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the
           vector x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, BETA specifies the scalar beta. When BETA is
           supplied as zero then Y need not be set on input.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION at least
           ( 1 + ( m - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ) when TRANS = 'N' or 'n'
           and at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ) otherwise.
           Before entry with BETA non-zero, the incremented array Y
           must contain the vector y. On exit, Y is overwritten by the
           updated vector y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           Y. INCY must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.
  The vector and matrix arguments are not referenced when N = 0, or M = 0

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 159 of file zgemv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
