.TH "zgeqrt.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgeqrt.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgeqrt\fP (M, N, NB, A, LDA, T, LDT, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZGEQRT\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgeqrt (integerM, integerN, integerNB, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, complex*16, dimension( ldt, * )T, integerLDT, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZGEQRT\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGEQRT computes a blocked QR factorization of a complex M-by-N matrix A
 using the compact WY representation of Q.  
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NB is INTEGER
          The block size to be used in the blocked QR.  MIN(M,N) >= NB >= 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix A.
          On exit, the elements on and above the diagonal of the array
          contain the min(M,N)-by-N upper trapezoidal matrix R (R is
          upper triangular if M >= N); the elements below the diagonal
          are the columns of V.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDT,MIN(M,N))
          The upper triangular block reflectors stored in compact form
          as a sequence of upper triangular blocks.  See below
          for further details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T.  LDT >= NB.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (NB*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2013 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The matrix V stores the elementary reflectors H(i) in the i-th column
  below the diagonal. For example, if M=5 and N=3, the matrix V is

               V = (  1       )
                   ( v1  1    )
                   ( v1 v2  1 )
                   ( v1 v2 v3 )
                   ( v1 v2 v3 )

  where the vi's represent the vectors which define H(i), which are returned
  in the matrix A.  The 1's along the diagonal of V are not stored in A.

  Let K=MIN(M,N).  The number of blocks is B = ceiling(K/NB), where each
  block is of order NB except for the last block, which is of order 
  IB = K - (B-1)*NB.  For each of the B blocks, a upper triangular block
  reflector factor is computed: T1, T2, ..., TB.  The NB-by-NB (and IB-by-IB 
  for the last block) T's are stored in the NB-by-N matrix T as

               T = (T1 T2 ... TB).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 142 of file zgeqrt\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
