.TH "zgeqpf.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgeqpf.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgeqpf\fP (M, N, A, LDA, JPVT, TAU, WORK, RWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZGEQPF\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgeqpf (integerM, integerN, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( * )JPVT, complex*16, dimension( * )TAU, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, double precision, dimension( * )RWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZGEQPF\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 This routine is deprecated and has been replaced by routine ZGEQP3.

 ZGEQPF computes a QR factorization with column pivoting of a
 complex M-by-N matrix A: A*P = Q*R.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A. N >= 0
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix A.
          On exit, the upper triangle of the array contains the
          min(M,N)-by-N upper triangular matrix R; the elements
          below the diagonal, together with the array TAU,
          represent the unitary matrix Q as a product of
          min(m,n) elementary reflectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A. LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIJPVT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JPVT is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          On entry, if JPVT(i) .ne. 0, the i-th column of A is permuted
          to the front of A*P (a leading column); if JPVT(i) = 0,
          the i-th column of A is a free column.
          On exit, if JPVT(i) = k, then the i-th column of A*P
          was the k-th column of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (min(M,N))
          The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The matrix Q is represented as a product of elementary reflectors

     Q = H(1) H(2) . . . H(n)

  Each H(i) has the form

     H = I - tau * v * v**H

  where tau is a complex scalar, and v is a complex vector with
  v(1:i-1) = 0 and v(i) = 1; v(i+1:m) is stored on exit in A(i+1:m,i).

  The matrix P is represented in jpvt as follows: If
     jpvt(j) = i
  then the jth column of P is the ith canonical unit vector.

  Partial column norm updating strategy modified by
    Z. Drmac and Z. Bujanovic, Dept. of Mathematics,
    University of Zagreb, Croatia.
  -- April 2011                                                      --
  For more details see LAPACK Working Note 176.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file zgeqpf\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
