.TH "zgetf2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgetf2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgetf2\fP (M, N, A, LDA, IPIV, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZGETF2\fP computes the LU factorization of a general m-by-n matrix using partial pivoting with row interchanges (unblocked algorithm)\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgetf2 (integerM, integerN, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZGETF2\fP computes the LU factorization of a general m-by-n matrix using partial pivoting with row interchanges (unblocked algorithm)\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGETF2 computes an LU factorization of a general m-by-n matrix A
 using partial pivoting with row interchanges.

 The factorization has the form
    A = P * L * U
 where P is a permutation matrix, L is lower triangular with unit
 diagonal elements (lower trapezoidal if m > n), and U is upper
 triangular (upper trapezoidal if m < n).

 This is the right-looking Level 2 BLAS version of the algorithm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the m by n matrix to be factored.
          On exit, the factors L and U from the factorization
          A = P*L*U; the unit diagonal elements of L are not stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (min(M,N))
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= i <= min(M,N), row i of the
          matrix was interchanged with row IPIV(i).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -k, the k-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0: if INFO = k, U(k,k) is exactly zero. The factorization
               has been completed, but the factor U is exactly
               singular, and division by zero will occur if it is used
               to solve a system of equations.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 109 of file zgetf2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
