.TH "zggbak.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zggbak.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzggbak\fP (JOB, SIDE, N, ILO, IHI, LSCALE, RSCALE, M, V, LDV, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZGGBAK\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zggbak (characterJOB, characterSIDE, integerN, integerILO, integerIHI, double precision, dimension( * )LSCALE, double precision, dimension( * )RSCALE, integerM, complex*16, dimension( ldv, * )V, integerLDV, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZGGBAK\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGGBAK forms the right or left eigenvectors of a complex generalized
 eigenvalue problem A*x = lambda*B*x, by backward transformation on
 the computed eigenvectors of the balanced pair of matrices output by
 ZGGBAL.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIJOB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          JOB is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the type of backward transformation required:
          = 'N':  do nothing, return immediately;
          = 'P':  do backward transformation for permutation only;
          = 'S':  do backward transformation for scaling only;
          = 'B':  do backward transformations for both permutation and
                  scaling.
          JOB must be the same as the argument JOB supplied to ZGGBAL.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'R':  V contains right eigenvectors;
          = 'L':  V contains left eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix V.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIILO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ILO is INTEGER
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIHI\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IHI is INTEGER
          The integers ILO and IHI determined by ZGGBAL.
          1 <= ILO <= IHI <= N, if N > 0; ILO=1 and IHI=0, if N=0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILSCALE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LSCALE is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          Details of the permutations and/or scaling factors applied
          to the left side of A and B, as returned by ZGGBAL.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRSCALE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RSCALE is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
          Details of the permutations and/or scaling factors applied
          to the right side of A and B, as returned by ZGGBAL.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix V.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDV,M)
          On entry, the matrix of right or left eigenvectors to be
          transformed, as returned by ZTGEVC.
          On exit, V is overwritten by the transformed eigenvectors.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDV is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the matrix V. LDV >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  See R.C. Ward, Balancing the generalized eigenvalue problem,
                 SIAM J. Sci. Stat. Comp. 2 (1981), 141-152.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 148 of file zggbak\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
