.TH "zgglse.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgglse.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgglse\fP (M, N, P, A, LDA, B, LDB, C, D, X, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB ZGGLSE solves overdetermined or underdetermined systems for OTHER matrices\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgglse (integerM, integerN, integerP, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, complex*16, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, complex*16, dimension( * )C, complex*16, dimension( * )D, complex*16, dimension( * )X, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB ZGGLSE solves overdetermined or underdetermined systems for OTHER matrices\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGGLSE solves the linear equality-constrained least squares (LSE)
 problem:

         minimize || c - A*x ||_2   subject to   B*x = d

 where A is an M-by-N matrix, B is a P-by-N matrix, c is a given
 M-vector, and d is a given P-vector. It is assumed that
 P <= N <= M+P, and

          rank(B) = P and  rank( (A) ) = N.
                               ( (B) )

 These conditions ensure that the LSE problem has a unique solution,
 which is obtained using a generalized RQ factorization of the
 matrices (B, A) given by

    B = (0 R)*Q,   A = Z*T*Q.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix A.  M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrices A and B. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          P is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix B. 0 <= P <= N <= M+P.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix A.
          On exit, the elements on and above the diagonal of the array
          contain the min(M,N)-by-N upper trapezoidal matrix T.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A. LDA >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDB,N)
          On entry, the P-by-N matrix B.
          On exit, the upper triangle of the subarray B(1:P,N-P+1:N)
          contains the P-by-P upper triangular matrix R.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B. LDB >= max(1,P).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (M)
          On entry, C contains the right hand side vector for the
          least squares part of the LSE problem.
          On exit, the residual sum of squares for the solution
          is given by the sum of squares of elements N-P+1 to M of
          vector C.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (P)
          On entry, D contains the right hand side vector for the
          constrained equation.
          On exit, D is destroyed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
          On exit, X is the solution of the LSE problem.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK. LWORK >= max(1,M+N+P).
          For optimum performance LWORK >= P+min(M,N)+max(M,N)*NB,
          where NB is an upper bound for the optimal blocksizes for
          ZGEQRF, CGERQF, ZUNMQR and CUNMRQ.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit.
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
          = 1:  the upper triangular factor R associated with B in the
                generalized RQ factorization of the pair (B, A) is
                singular, so that rank(B) < P; the least squares
                solution could not be computed.
          = 2:  the (N-P) by (N-P) part of the upper trapezoidal factor
                T associated with A in the generalized RQ factorization
                of the pair (B, A) is singular, so that
                rank( (A) ) < N; the least squares solution could not
                    ( (B) )
                be computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 180 of file zgglse\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
