.TH "zgtrfs.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgtrfs.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgtrfs\fP (TRANS, N, NRHS, DL, D, DU, DLF, DF, DUF, DU2, IPIV, B, LDB, X, LDX, FERR, BERR, WORK, RWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZGTRFS\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgtrfs (characterTRANS, integerN, integerNRHS, complex*16, dimension( * )DL, complex*16, dimension( * )D, complex*16, dimension( * )DU, complex*16, dimension( * )DLF, complex*16, dimension( * )DF, complex*16, dimension( * )DUF, complex*16, dimension( * )DU2, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, complex*16, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, complex*16, dimension( ldx, * )X, integerLDX, double precision, dimension( * )FERR, double precision, dimension( * )BERR, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, double precision, dimension( * )RWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZGTRFS\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGTRFS improves the computed solution to a system of linear
 equations when the coefficient matrix is tridiagonal, and provides
 error bounds and backward error estimates for the solution.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the form of the system of equations:
          = 'N':  A * X = B     (No transpose)
          = 'T':  A**T * X = B  (Transpose)
          = 'C':  A**H * X = B  (Conjugate transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DL is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) subdiagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
          The diagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DU is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) superdiagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDLF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DLF is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) multipliers that define the matrix L from the
          LU factorization of A as computed by ZGTTRF.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DF is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
          The n diagonal elements of the upper triangular matrix U from
          the LU factorization of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDUF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DUF is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) elements of the first superdiagonal of U.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDU2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DU2 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-2)
          The (n-2) elements of the second superdiagonal of U.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          The pivot indices; for 1 <= i <= n, row i of the matrix was
          interchanged with row IPIV(i).  IPIV(i) will always be either
          i or i+1; IPIV(i) = i indicates a row interchange was not
          required.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          The right hand side matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDX,NRHS)
          On entry, the solution matrix X, as computed by ZGTTRS.
          On exit, the improved solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array X.  LDX >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIFERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          FERR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NRHS)
          The estimated forward error bound for each solution vector
          X(j) (the j-th column of the solution matrix X).
          If XTRUE is the true solution corresponding to X(j), FERR(j)
          is an estimated upper bound for the magnitude of the largest
          element in (X(j) - XTRUE) divided by the magnitude of the
          largest element in X(j).  The estimate is as reliable as
          the estimate for RCOND, and is almost always a slight
          overestimate of the true error.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BERR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NRHS)
          The componentwise relative backward error of each solution
          vector X(j) (i.e., the smallest relative change in
          any element of A or B that makes X(j) an exact solution).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBInternal Parameters: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  ITMAX is the maximum number of steps of iterative refinement.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 209 of file zgtrfs\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
