.TH "zgtsvx.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zgtsvx.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzgtsvx\fP (FACT, TRANS, N, NRHS, DL, D, DU, DLF, DF, DUF, DU2, IPIV, B, LDB, X, LDX, RCOND, FERR, BERR, WORK, RWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fB ZGTSVX computes the solution to system of linear equations A * X = B for GT matrices \fB \fP\fP\fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zgtsvx (characterFACT, characterTRANS, integerN, integerNRHS, complex*16, dimension( * )DL, complex*16, dimension( * )D, complex*16, dimension( * )DU, complex*16, dimension( * )DLF, complex*16, dimension( * )DF, complex*16, dimension( * )DUF, complex*16, dimension( * )DU2, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, complex*16, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, complex*16, dimension( ldx, * )X, integerLDX, double precisionRCOND, double precision, dimension( * )FERR, double precision, dimension( * )BERR, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, double precision, dimension( * )RWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fB ZGTSVX computes the solution to system of linear equations A * X = B for GT matrices \fB \fP\fP 
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZGTSVX uses the LU factorization to compute the solution to a complex
 system of linear equations A * X = B, A**T * X = B, or A**H * X = B,
 where A is a tridiagonal matrix of order N and X and B are N-by-NRHS
 matrices.

 Error bounds on the solution and a condition estimate are also
 provided.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBDescription: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 The following steps are performed:

 1. If FACT = 'N', the LU decomposition is used to factor the matrix A
    as A = L * U, where L is a product of permutation and unit lower
    bidiagonal matrices and U is upper triangular with nonzeros in
    only the main diagonal and first two superdiagonals.

 2. If some U(i,i)=0, so that U is exactly singular, then the routine
    returns with INFO = i. Otherwise, the factored form of A is used
    to estimate the condition number of the matrix A.  If the
    reciprocal of the condition number is less than machine precision,
    INFO = N+1 is returned as a warning, but the routine still goes on
    to solve for X and compute error bounds as described below.

 3. The system of equations is solved for X using the factored form
    of A.

 4. Iterative refinement is applied to improve the computed solution
    matrix and calculate error bounds and backward error estimates
    for it.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIFACT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          FACT is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether or not the factored form of A has been
          supplied on entry.
          = 'F':  DLF, DF, DUF, DU2, and IPIV contain the factored form
                  of A; DL, D, DU, DLF, DF, DUF, DU2 and IPIV will not
                  be modified.
          = 'N':  The matrix will be copied to DLF, DF, and DUF
                  and factored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the form of the system of equations:
          = 'N':  A * X = B     (No transpose)
          = 'T':  A**T * X = B  (Transpose)
          = 'C':  A**H * X = B  (Conjugate transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINRHS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NRHS is INTEGER
          The number of right hand sides, i.e., the number of columns
          of the matrix B.  NRHS >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DL is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) subdiagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fID\fP 
.PP
.nf
          D is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
          The n diagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DU is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-1)
          The (n-1) superdiagonal elements of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDLF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DLF is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-1)
          If FACT = 'F', then DLF is an input argument and on entry
          contains the (n-1) multipliers that define the matrix L from
          the LU factorization of A as computed by ZGTTRF.

          If FACT = 'N', then DLF is an output argument and on exit
          contains the (n-1) multipliers that define the matrix L from
          the LU factorization of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DF is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
          If FACT = 'F', then DF is an input argument and on entry
          contains the n diagonal elements of the upper triangular
          matrix U from the LU factorization of A.

          If FACT = 'N', then DF is an output argument and on exit
          contains the n diagonal elements of the upper triangular
          matrix U from the LU factorization of A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDUF\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DUF is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-1)
          If FACT = 'F', then DUF is an input argument and on entry
          contains the (n-1) elements of the first superdiagonal of U.

          If FACT = 'N', then DUF is an output argument and on exit
          contains the (n-1) elements of the first superdiagonal of U.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDU2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DU2 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N-2)
          If FACT = 'F', then DU2 is an input argument and on entry
          contains the (n-2) elements of the second superdiagonal of
          U.

          If FACT = 'N', then DU2 is an output argument and on exit
          contains the (n-2) elements of the second superdiagonal of
          U.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          If FACT = 'F', then IPIV is an input argument and on entry
          contains the pivot indices from the LU factorization of A as
          computed by ZGTTRF.

          If FACT = 'N', then IPIV is an output argument and on exit
          contains the pivot indices from the LU factorization of A;
          row i of the matrix was interchanged with row IPIV(i).
          IPIV(i) will always be either i or i+1; IPIV(i) = i indicates
          a row interchange was not required.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDB,NRHS)
          The N-by-NRHS right hand side matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDX,NRHS)
          If INFO = 0 or INFO = N+1, the N-by-NRHS solution matrix X.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array X.  LDX >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRCOND\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RCOND is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The estimate of the reciprocal condition number of the matrix
          A.  If RCOND is less than the machine precision (in
          particular, if RCOND = 0), the matrix is singular to working
          precision.  This condition is indicated by a return code of
          INFO > 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIFERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          FERR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NRHS)
          The estimated forward error bound for each solution vector
          X(j) (the j-th column of the solution matrix X).
          If XTRUE is the true solution corresponding to X(j), FERR(j)
          is an estimated upper bound for the magnitude of the largest
          element in (X(j) - XTRUE) divided by the magnitude of the
          largest element in X(j).  The estimate is as reliable as
          the estimate for RCOND, and is almost always a slight
          overestimate of the true error.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBERR\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BERR is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (NRHS)
          The componentwise relative backward error of each solution
          vector X(j) (i.e., the smallest relative change in
          any element of A or B that makes X(j) an exact solution).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, and i is
                <= N:  U(i,i) is exactly zero.  The factorization
                       has not been completed unless i = N, but the
                       factor U is exactly singular, so the solution
                       and error bounds could not be computed.
                       RCOND = 0 is returned.
                = N+1: U is nonsingular, but RCOND is less than machine
                       precision, meaning that the matrix is singular
                       to working precision.  Nevertheless, the
                       solution and error bounds are computed because
                       there are a number of situations where the
                       computed solution can be more accurate than the
                       value of RCOND would suggest.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 293 of file zgtsvx\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
