.TH "zhemv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zhemv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzhemv\fP (UPLO, N, ALPHA, A, LDA, X, INCX, BETA, Y, INCY)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZHEMV\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zhemv (characterUPLO, integerN, complex*16ALPHA, complex*16, dimension(lda,*)A, integerLDA, complex*16, dimension(*)X, integerINCX, complex*16BETA, complex*16, dimension(*)Y, integerINCY)"

.PP
\fBZHEMV\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZHEMV  performs the matrix-vector  operation

    y := alpha*A*x + beta*y,

 where alpha and beta are scalars, x and y are n element vectors and
 A is an n by n hermitian matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, UPLO specifies whether the upper or lower
           triangular part of the array A is to be referenced as
           follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   Only the upper triangular part of A
                                  is to be referenced.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   Only the lower triangular part of A
                                  is to be referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION ( LDA, n ).
           Before entry with  UPLO = 'U' or 'u', the leading n by n
           upper triangular part of the array A must contain the upper
           triangular part of the hermitian matrix and the strictly
           lower triangular part of A is not referenced.
           Before entry with UPLO = 'L' or 'l', the leading n by n
           lower triangular part of the array A must contain the lower
           triangular part of the hermitian matrix and the strictly
           upper triangular part of A is not referenced.
           Note that the imaginary parts of the diagonal elements need
           not be set and are assumed to be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           max( 1, n ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array of dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the n
           element vector x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, BETA specifies the scalar beta. When BETA is
           supplied as zero then Y need not be set on input.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is COMPLEX*16 array of dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array Y must contain the n
           element vector y. On exit, Y is overwritten by the updated
           vector y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           Y. INCY must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.
  The vector and matrix arguments are not referenced when N = 0, or M = 0

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 155 of file zhemv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
