.TH "zher2k.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zher2k.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzher2k\fP (UPLO, TRANS, N, K, ALPHA, A, LDA, B, LDB, BETA, C, LDC)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZHER2K\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zher2k (characterUPLO, characterTRANS, integerN, integerK, complex*16ALPHA, complex*16, dimension(lda,*)A, integerLDA, complex*16, dimension(ldb,*)B, integerLDB, double precisionBETA, complex*16, dimension(ldc,*)C, integerLDC)"

.PP
\fBZHER2K\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZHER2K  performs one of the hermitian rank 2k operations

    C := alpha*A*B**H + conjg( alpha )*B*A**H + beta*C,

 or

    C := alpha*A**H*B + conjg( alpha )*B**H*A + beta*C,

 where  alpha and beta  are scalars with  beta  real,  C is an  n by n
 hermitian matrix and  A and B  are  n by k matrices in the first case
 and  k by n  matrices in the second case.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On  entry,   UPLO  specifies  whether  the  upper  or  lower
           triangular  part  of the  array  C  is to be  referenced  as
           follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   Only the  upper triangular part of  C
                                  is to be referenced.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   Only the  lower triangular part of  C
                                  is to be referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
           On entry,  TRANS  specifies the operation to be performed as
           follows:

              TRANS = 'N' or 'n'    C := alpha*A*B**H          +
                                         conjg( alpha )*B*A**H +
                                         beta*C.

              TRANS = 'C' or 'c'    C := alpha*A**H*B          +
                                         conjg( alpha )*B**H*A +
                                         beta*C.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry,  N specifies the order of the matrix C.  N must be
           at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
           On entry with  TRANS = 'N' or 'n',  K  specifies  the number
           of  columns  of the  matrices  A and B,  and on  entry  with
           TRANS = 'C' or 'c',  K  specifies  the number of rows of the
           matrices  A and B.  K must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX*16 .
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION ( LDA, ka ), where ka is
           k  when  TRANS = 'N' or 'n',  and is  n  otherwise.
           Before entry with  TRANS = 'N' or 'n',  the  leading  n by k
           part of the array  A  must contain the matrix  A,  otherwise
           the leading  k by n  part of the array  A  must contain  the
           matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in  the  calling  (sub)  program.   When  TRANS = 'N' or 'n'
           then  LDA must be at least  max( 1, n ), otherwise  LDA must
           be at least  max( 1, k ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION ( LDB, kb ), where kb is
           k  when  TRANS = 'N' or 'n',  and is  n  otherwise.
           Before entry with  TRANS = 'N' or 'n',  the  leading  n by k
           part of the array  B  must contain the matrix  B,  otherwise
           the leading  k by n  part of the array  B  must contain  the
           matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
           On entry, LDB specifies the first dimension of B as declared
           in  the  calling  (sub)  program.   When  TRANS = 'N' or 'n'
           then  LDB must be at least  max( 1, n ), otherwise  LDB must
           be at least  max( 1, k ).
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is DOUBLE PRECISION .
           On entry, BETA specifies the scalar beta.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION ( LDC, n ).
           Before entry  with  UPLO = 'U' or 'u',  the leading  n by n
           upper triangular part of the array C must contain the upper
           triangular part  of the  hermitian matrix  and the strictly
           lower triangular part of C is not referenced.  On exit, the
           upper triangular part of the array  C is overwritten by the
           upper triangular part of the updated matrix.
           Before entry  with  UPLO = 'L' or 'l',  the leading  n by n
           lower triangular part of the array C must contain the lower
           triangular part  of the  hermitian matrix  and the strictly
           upper triangular part of C is not referenced.  On exit, the
           lower triangular part of the array  C is overwritten by the
           lower triangular part of the updated matrix.
           Note that the imaginary parts of the diagonal elements need
           not be set,  they are assumed to be zero,  and on exit they
           are set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
           On entry, LDC specifies the first dimension of C as declared
           in  the  calling  (sub)  program.   LDC  must  be  at  least
           max( 1, n ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 3 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 8-February-1989.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Laboratory.
     Iain Duff, AERE Harwell.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd.
     Sven Hammarling, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd.

  -- Modified 8-Nov-93 to set C(J,J) to DBLE( C(J,J) ) when BETA = 1.
     Ed Anderson, Cray Research Inc.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 199 of file zher2k\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
