.TH "zhetri_rook.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zhetri_rook.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzhetri_rook\fP (UPLO, N, A, LDA, IPIV, WORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZHETRI_ROOK\fP computes the inverse of HE matrix using the factorization obtained with the bounded Bunch-Kaufman ('rook') diagonal pivoting method\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zhetri_rook (characterUPLO, integerN, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integer, dimension( * )IPIV, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZHETRI_ROOK\fP computes the inverse of HE matrix using the factorization obtained with the bounded Bunch-Kaufman ('rook') diagonal pivoting method\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZHETRI_ROOK computes the inverse of a complex Hermitian indefinite matrix
 A using the factorization A = U*D*U**H or A = L*D*L**H computed by
 ZHETRF_ROOK.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the details of the factorization are stored
          as an upper or lower triangular matrix.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular, form is A = U*D*U**H;
          = 'L':  Lower triangular, form is A = L*D*L**H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the block diagonal matrix D and the multipliers
          used to obtain the factor U or L as computed by ZHETRF_ROOK.

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the (Hermitian) inverse of the original
          matrix.  If UPLO = 'U', the upper triangular part of the
          inverse is formed and the part of A below the diagonal is not
          referenced; if UPLO = 'L' the lower triangular part of the
          inverse is formed and the part of A above the diagonal is
          not referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIPIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IPIV is INTEGER array, dimension (N)
          Details of the interchanges and the block structure of D
          as determined by ZHETRF_ROOK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0: if INFO = i, D(i,i) = 0; the matrix is singular and its
               inverse could not be computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2013 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  November 2013,  Igor Kozachenko,
                  Computer Science Division,
                  University of California, Berkeley

  September 2007, Sven Hammarling, Nicholas J. Higham, Craig Lucas,
                  School of Mathematics,
                  University of Manchester
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 129 of file zhetri_rook\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
