.TH "zlaein.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zlaein.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzlaein\fP (RIGHTV, NOINIT, N, H, LDH, W, V, B, LDB, RWORK, EPS3, SMLNUM, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZLAEIN\fP computes a specified right or left eigenvector of an upper Hessenberg matrix by inverse iteration\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zlaein (logicalRIGHTV, logicalNOINIT, integerN, complex*16, dimension( ldh, * )H, integerLDH, complex*16W, complex*16, dimension( * )V, complex*16, dimension( ldb, * )B, integerLDB, double precision, dimension( * )RWORK, double precisionEPS3, double precisionSMLNUM, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZLAEIN\fP computes a specified right or left eigenvector of an upper Hessenberg matrix by inverse iteration\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZLAEIN uses inverse iteration to find a right or left eigenvector
 corresponding to the eigenvalue W of a complex upper Hessenberg
 matrix H.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIRIGHTV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RIGHTV is LOGICAL
          = .TRUE. : compute right eigenvector;
          = .FALSE.: compute left eigenvector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fINOINIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NOINIT is LOGICAL
          = .TRUE. : no initial vector supplied in V
          = .FALSE.: initial vector supplied in V.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix H.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIH\fP 
.PP
.nf
          H is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDH,N)
          The upper Hessenberg matrix H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDH\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDH is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array H.  LDH >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIW\fP 
.PP
.nf
          W is COMPLEX*16
          The eigenvalue of H whose corresponding right or left
          eigenvector is to be computed.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N)
          On entry, if NOINIT = .FALSE., V must contain a starting
          vector for inverse iteration; otherwise V need not be set.
          On exit, V contains the computed eigenvector, normalized so
          that the component of largest magnitude has magnitude 1; here
          the magnitude of a complex number (x,y) is taken to be
          |x| + |y|.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDB,N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array B.  LDB >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIEPS3\fP 
.PP
.nf
          EPS3 is DOUBLE PRECISION
          A small machine-dependent value which is used to perturb
          close eigenvalues, and to replace zero pivots.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISMLNUM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SMLNUM is DOUBLE PRECISION
          A machine-dependent value close to the underflow threshold.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          = 1:  inverse iteration did not converge; V is set to the
                last iterate.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file zlaein\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
