.TH "zlanhe.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zlanhe.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "DOUBLE PRECISION function \fBzlanhe\fP (NORM, UPLO, N, A, LDA, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZLANHE\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a complex Hermitian matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DOUBLE PRECISION function zlanhe (characterNORM, characterUPLO, integerN, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, double precision, dimension( * )WORK)"

.PP
\fBZLANHE\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a complex Hermitian matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZLANHE  returns the value of the one norm,  or the Frobenius norm, or
 the  infinity norm,  or the  element of  largest absolute value  of a
 complex hermitian matrix A.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
ZLANHE 
.PP
.nf
    ZLANHE = ( max(abs(A(i,j))), NORM = 'M' or 'm'
             (
             ( norm1(A),         NORM = '1', 'O' or 'o'
             (
             ( normI(A),         NORM = 'I' or 'i'
             (
             ( normF(A),         NORM = 'F', 'f', 'E' or 'e'

 where  norm1  denotes the  one norm of a matrix (maximum column sum),
 normI  denotes the  infinity norm  of a matrix  (maximum row sum) and
 normF  denotes the  Frobenius norm of a matrix (square root of sum of
 squares).  Note that  max(abs(A(i,j)))  is not a consistent matrix norm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fINORM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NORM is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the value to be returned in ZLANHE as described
          above.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          hermitian matrix A is to be referenced.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular part of A is referenced
          = 'L':  Lower triangular part of A is referenced
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.  When N = 0, ZLANHE is
          set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          The hermitian matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the leading n by n
          upper triangular part of A contains the upper triangular part
          of the matrix A, and the strictly lower triangular part of A
          is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the leading n by n lower
          triangular part of A contains the lower triangular part of
          the matrix A, and the strictly upper triangular part of A is
          not referenced. Note that the imaginary parts of the diagonal
          elements need not be set and are assumed to be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(N,1).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK)),
          where LWORK >= N when NORM = 'I' or '1' or 'O'; otherwise,
          WORK is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 125 of file zlanhe\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
