.TH "zlansb.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zlansb.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "DOUBLE PRECISION function \fBzlansb\fP (NORM, UPLO, N, K, AB, LDAB, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZLANSB\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a symmetric band matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DOUBLE PRECISION function zlansb (characterNORM, characterUPLO, integerN, integerK, complex*16, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, double precision, dimension( * )WORK)"

.PP
\fBZLANSB\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a symmetric band matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZLANSB  returns the value of the one norm,  or the Frobenius norm, or
 the  infinity norm,  or the element of  largest absolute value  of an
 n by n symmetric band matrix A,  with k super-diagonals.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
ZLANSB 
.PP
.nf
    ZLANSB = ( max(abs(A(i,j))), NORM = 'M' or 'm'
             (
             ( norm1(A),         NORM = '1', 'O' or 'o'
             (
             ( normI(A),         NORM = 'I' or 'i'
             (
             ( normF(A),         NORM = 'F', 'f', 'E' or 'e'

 where  norm1  denotes the  one norm of a matrix (maximum column sum),
 normI  denotes the  infinity norm  of a matrix  (maximum row sum) and
 normF  denotes the  Frobenius norm of a matrix (square root of sum of
 squares).  Note that  max(abs(A(i,j)))  is not a consistent matrix norm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fINORM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NORM is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the value to be returned in ZLANSB as described
          above.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          band matrix A is supplied.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular part is supplied
          = 'L':  Lower triangular part is supplied
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.  When N = 0, ZLANSB is
          set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The number of super-diagonals or sub-diagonals of the
          band matrix A.  K >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDAB,N)
          The upper or lower triangle of the symmetric band matrix A,
          stored in the first K+1 rows of AB.  The j-th column of A is
          stored in the j-th column of the array AB as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(k+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-k)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)   = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+k).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= K+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK)),
          where LWORK >= N when NORM = 'I' or '1' or 'O'; otherwise,
          WORK is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 130 of file zlansb\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
