.TH "zlanhp.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zlanhp.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "DOUBLE PRECISION function \fBzlanhp\fP (NORM, UPLO, N, AP, WORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZLANHP\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a complex Hermitian matrix supplied in packed form\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DOUBLE PRECISION function zlanhp (characterNORM, characterUPLO, integerN, complex*16, dimension( * )AP, double precision, dimension( * )WORK)"

.PP
\fBZLANHP\fP returns the value of the 1-norm, or the Frobenius norm, or the infinity norm, or the element of largest absolute value of a complex Hermitian matrix supplied in packed form\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZLANHP  returns the value of the one norm,  or the Frobenius norm, or
 the  infinity norm,  or the  element of  largest absolute value  of a
 complex hermitian matrix A,  supplied in packed form.
.fi
.PP
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
ZLANHP 
.PP
.nf
    ZLANHP = ( max(abs(A(i,j))), NORM = 'M' or 'm'
             (
             ( norm1(A),         NORM = '1', 'O' or 'o'
             (
             ( normI(A),         NORM = 'I' or 'i'
             (
             ( normF(A),         NORM = 'F', 'f', 'E' or 'e'

 where  norm1  denotes the  one norm of a matrix (maximum column sum),
 normI  denotes the  infinity norm  of a matrix  (maximum row sum) and
 normF  denotes the  Frobenius norm of a matrix (square root of sum of
 squares).  Note that  max(abs(A(i,j)))  is not a consistent matrix norm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fINORM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NORM is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies the value to be returned in ZLANHP as described
          above.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the upper or lower triangular part of the
          hermitian matrix A is supplied.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular part of A is supplied
          = 'L':  Lower triangular part of A is supplied
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.  When N = 0, ZLANHP is
          set to zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AP is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N*(N+1)/2)
          The upper or lower triangle of the hermitian matrix A, packed
          columnwise in a linear array.  The j-th column of A is stored
          in the array AP as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AP(i + (j-1)*j/2) = A(i,j) for 1<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AP(i + (j-1)*(2n-j)/2) = A(i,j) for j<=i<=n.
          Note that the  imaginary parts of the diagonal elements need
          not be set and are assumed to be zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK)),
          where LWORK >= N when NORM = 'I' or '1' or 'O'; otherwise,
          WORK is not referenced.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 118 of file zlanhp\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
