.TH "zlarzb.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zlarzb.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzlarzb\fP (SIDE, TRANS, DIRECT, STOREV, M, N, K, L, V, LDV, T, LDT, C, LDC, WORK, LDWORK)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZLARZB\fP applies a block reflector or its conjugate-transpose to a general matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zlarzb (characterSIDE, characterTRANS, characterDIRECT, characterSTOREV, integerM, integerN, integerK, integerL, complex*16, dimension( ldv, * )V, integerLDV, complex*16, dimension( ldt, * )T, integerLDT, complex*16, dimension( ldc, * )C, integerLDC, complex*16, dimension( ldwork, * )WORK, integerLDWORK)"

.PP
\fBZLARZB\fP applies a block reflector or its conjugate-transpose to a general matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZLARZB applies a complex block reflector H or its transpose H**H
 to a complex distributed M-by-N  C from the left or the right.

 Currently, only STOREV = 'R' and DIRECT = 'B' are supported.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply H or H**H from the Left
          = 'R': apply H or H**H from the Right
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N': apply H (No transpose)
          = 'C': apply H**H (Conjugate transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIRECT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIRECT is CHARACTER*1
          Indicates how H is formed from a product of elementary
          reflectors
          = 'F': H = H(1) H(2) . . . H(k) (Forward, not supported yet)
          = 'B': H = H(k) . . . H(2) H(1) (Backward)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fISTOREV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          STOREV is CHARACTER*1
          Indicates how the vectors which define the elementary
          reflectors are stored:
          = 'C': Columnwise                        (not supported yet)
          = 'R': Rowwise
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix C.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          K is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix T (= the number of elementary
          reflectors whose product defines the block reflector).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIL\fP 
.PP
.nf
          L is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix V containing the
          meaningful part of the Householder reflectors.
          If SIDE = 'L', M >= L >= 0, if SIDE = 'R', N >= L >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          V is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDV,NV).
          If STOREV = 'C', NV = K; if STOREV = 'R', NV = L.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDV\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDV is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array V.
          If STOREV = 'C', LDV >= L; if STOREV = 'R', LDV >= K.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          T is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDT,K)
          The triangular K-by-K matrix T in the representation of the
          block reflector.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDT\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDT is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array T. LDT >= K.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDC,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by H*C or H**H*C or C*H or C*H**H.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C. LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDWORK,K)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDWORK is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array WORK.
          If SIDE = 'L', LDWORK >= max(1,N);
          if SIDE = 'R', LDWORK >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBContributors: \fP
.RS 4
A\&. Petitet, Computer Science Dept\&., Univ\&. of Tenn\&., Knoxville, USA 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 183 of file zlarzb\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
