.TH "zpbstf.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zpbstf.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzpbstf\fP (UPLO, N, KD, AB, LDAB, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZPBSTF\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zpbstf (characterUPLO, integerN, integerKD, complex*16, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZPBSTF\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZPBSTF computes a split Cholesky factorization of a complex
 Hermitian positive definite band matrix A.

 This routine is designed to be used in conjunction with ZHBGST.

 The factorization has the form  A = S**H*S  where S is a band matrix
 of the same bandwidth as A and the following structure:

   S = ( U    )
       ( M  L )

 where U is upper triangular of order m = (n+kd)/2, and L is lower
 triangular of order n-m.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  Upper triangle of A is stored;
          = 'L':  Lower triangle of A is stored.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKD\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KD is INTEGER
          The number of superdiagonals of the matrix A if UPLO = 'U',
          or the number of subdiagonals if UPLO = 'L'.  KD >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDAB,N)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangle of the Hermitian band
          matrix A, stored in the first kd+1 rows of the array.  The
          j-th column of A is stored in the j-th column of the array AB
          as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(kd+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-kd)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)    = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+kd).

          On exit, if INFO = 0, the factor S from the split Cholesky
          factorization A = S**H*S. See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= KD+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0: if INFO = i, the factorization could not be completed,
               because the updated element a(i,i) was negative; the
               matrix A is not positive definite.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The band storage scheme is illustrated by the following example, when
  N = 7, KD = 2:

  S = ( s11  s12  s13                     )
      (      s22  s23  s24                )
      (           s33  s34                )
      (                s44                )
      (           s53  s54  s55           )
      (                s64  s65  s66      )
      (                     s75  s76  s77 )

  If UPLO = 'U', the array AB holds:

  on entry:                          on exit:

   *    *   a13  a24  a35  a46  a57   *    *   s13  s24  s53**H s64**H s75**H
   *   a12  a23  a34  a45  a56  a67   *   s12  s23  s34  s54**H s65**H s76**H
  a11  a22  a33  a44  a55  a66  a77  s11  s22  s33  s44  s55    s66    s77

  If UPLO = 'L', the array AB holds:

  on entry:                          on exit:

  a11  a22  a33  a44  a55  a66  a77  s11    s22    s33    s44  s55  s66  s77
  a21  a32  a43  a54  a65  a76   *   s12**H s23**H s34**H s54  s65  s76   *
  a31  a42  a53  a64  a64   *    *   s13**H s24**H s53    s64  s75   *    *

  Array elements marked * are not used by the routine; s12**H denotes
  conjg(s12); the diagonal elements of S are real.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 154 of file zpbstf\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
