.TH "zspmv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zspmv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzspmv\fP (UPLO, N, ALPHA, AP, X, INCX, BETA, Y, INCY)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZSPMV\fP computes a matrix-vector product for complex vectors using a complex symmetric packed matrix \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zspmv (characterUPLO, integerN, complex*16ALPHA, complex*16, dimension( * )AP, complex*16, dimension( * )X, integerINCX, complex*16BETA, complex*16, dimension( * )Y, integerINCY)"

.PP
\fBZSPMV\fP computes a matrix-vector product for complex vectors using a complex symmetric packed matrix  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZSPMV  performs the matrix-vector operation

    y := alpha*A*x + beta*y,

 where alpha and beta are scalars, x and y are n element vectors and
 A is an n by n symmetric matrix, supplied in packed form.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, UPLO specifies whether the upper or lower
           triangular part of the matrix A is supplied in the packed
           array AP as follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   The upper triangular part of A is
                                  supplied in AP.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   The lower triangular part of A is
                                  supplied in AP.

           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AP is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( ( N*( N + 1 ) )/2 ).
           Before entry, with UPLO = 'U' or 'u', the array AP must
           contain the upper triangular part of the symmetric matrix
           packed sequentially, column by column, so that AP( 1 )
           contains a( 1, 1 ), AP( 2 ) and AP( 3 ) contain a( 1, 2 )
           and a( 2, 2 ) respectively, and so on.
           Before entry, with UPLO = 'L' or 'l', the array AP must
           contain the lower triangular part of the symmetric matrix
           packed sequentially, column by column, so that AP( 1 )
           contains a( 1, 1 ), AP( 2 ) and AP( 3 ) contain a( 2, 1 )
           and a( 3, 1 ) respectively, and so on.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the N-
           element vector x.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, BETA specifies the scalar beta. When BETA is
           supplied as zero then Y need not be set on input.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Y is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCY ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array Y must contain the n
           element vector y. On exit, Y is overwritten by the updated
           vector y.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCY\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCY is INTEGER
           On entry, INCY specifies the increment for the elements of
           Y. INCY must not be zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 152 of file zspmv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
