.TH "zsymm.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zsymm.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzsymm\fP (SIDE, UPLO, M, N, ALPHA, A, LDA, B, LDB, BETA, C, LDC)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZSYMM\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zsymm (characterSIDE, characterUPLO, integerM, integerN, complex*16ALPHA, complex*16, dimension(lda,*)A, integerLDA, complex*16, dimension(ldb,*)B, integerLDB, complex*16BETA, complex*16, dimension(ldc,*)C, integerLDC)"

.PP
\fBZSYMM\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZSYMM  performs one of the matrix-matrix operations

    C := alpha*A*B + beta*C,

 or

    C := alpha*B*A + beta*C,

 where  alpha and beta are scalars, A is a symmetric matrix and  B and
 C are m by n matrices.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
           On entry,  SIDE  specifies whether  the  symmetric matrix  A
           appears on the  left or right  in the  operation as follows:

              SIDE = 'L' or 'l'   C := alpha*A*B + beta*C,

              SIDE = 'R' or 'r'   C := alpha*B*A + beta*C,
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On  entry,   UPLO  specifies  whether  the  upper  or  lower
           triangular  part  of  the  symmetric  matrix   A  is  to  be
           referenced as follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   Only the upper triangular part of the
                                  symmetric matrix is to be referenced.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   Only the lower triangular part of the
                                  symmetric matrix is to be referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
           On entry,  M  specifies the number of rows of the matrix  C.
           M  must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the number of columns of the matrix C.
           N  must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION ( LDA, ka ), where ka is
           m  when  SIDE = 'L' or 'l'  and is n  otherwise.
           Before entry  with  SIDE = 'L' or 'l',  the  m by m  part of
           the array  A  must contain the  symmetric matrix,  such that
           when  UPLO = 'U' or 'u', the leading m by m upper triangular
           part of the array  A  must contain the upper triangular part
           of the  symmetric matrix and the  strictly  lower triangular
           part of  A  is not referenced,  and when  UPLO = 'L' or 'l',
           the leading  m by m  lower triangular part  of the  array  A
           must  contain  the  lower triangular part  of the  symmetric
           matrix and the  strictly upper triangular part of  A  is not
           referenced.
           Before entry  with  SIDE = 'R' or 'r',  the  n by n  part of
           the array  A  must contain the  symmetric matrix,  such that
           when  UPLO = 'U' or 'u', the leading n by n upper triangular
           part of the array  A  must contain the upper triangular part
           of the  symmetric matrix and the  strictly  lower triangular
           part of  A  is not referenced,  and when  UPLO = 'L' or 'l',
           the leading  n by n  lower triangular part  of the  array  A
           must  contain  the  lower triangular part  of the  symmetric
           matrix and the  strictly upper triangular part of  A  is not
           referenced.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the  calling (sub) program. When  SIDE = 'L' or 'l'  then
           LDA must be at least  max( 1, m ), otherwise  LDA must be at
           least max( 1, n ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          B is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION ( LDB, n ).
           Before entry, the leading  m by n part of the array  B  must
           contain the matrix B.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDB is INTEGER
           On entry, LDB specifies the first dimension of B as declared
           in  the  calling  (sub)  program.   LDB  must  be  at  least
           max( 1, m ).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIBETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          BETA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry,  BETA  specifies the scalar  beta.  When  BETA  is
           supplied as zero then C need not be set on input.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION ( LDC, n ).
           Before entry, the leading  m by n  part of the array  C must
           contain the matrix  C,  except when  beta  is zero, in which
           case C need not be set on entry.
           On exit, the array  C  is overwritten by the  m by n updated
           matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
           On entry, LDC specifies the first dimension of C as declared
           in  the  calling  (sub)  program.   LDC  must  be  at  least
           max( 1, m ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 3 Blas routine.

  -- Written on 8-February-1989.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Laboratory.
     Iain Duff, AERE Harwell.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd.
     Sven Hammarling, Numerical Algorithms Group Ltd.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 190 of file zsymm\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
