.TH "zsyr.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zsyr.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzsyr\fP (UPLO, N, ALPHA, X, INCX, A, LDA)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZSYR\fP performs the symmetric rank-1 update of a complex symmetric matrix\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zsyr (characterUPLO, integerN, complex*16ALPHA, complex*16, dimension( * )X, integerINCX, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA)"

.PP
\fBZSYR\fP performs the symmetric rank-1 update of a complex symmetric matrix\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZSYR   performs the symmetric rank 1 operation

    A := alpha*x*x**H + A,

 where alpha is a complex scalar, x is an n element vector and A is an
 n by n symmetric matrix.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, UPLO specifies whether the upper or lower
           triangular part of the array A is to be referenced as
           follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   Only the upper triangular part of A
                                  is to be referenced.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   Only the lower triangular part of A
                                  is to be referenced.

           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIALPHA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ALPHA is COMPLEX*16
           On entry, ALPHA specifies the scalar alpha.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( N - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the N-
           element vector x.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension ( LDA, N )
           Before entry, with  UPLO = 'U' or 'u', the leading n by n
           upper triangular part of the array A must contain the upper
           triangular part of the symmetric matrix and the strictly
           lower triangular part of A is not referenced. On exit, the
           upper triangular part of the array A is overwritten by the
           upper triangular part of the updated matrix.
           Before entry, with UPLO = 'L' or 'l', the leading n by n
           lower triangular part of the array A must contain the lower
           triangular part of the symmetric matrix and the strictly
           upper triangular part of A is not referenced. On exit, the
           lower triangular part of the array A is overwritten by the
           lower triangular part of the updated matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
           On entry, LDA specifies the first dimension of A as declared
           in the calling (sub) program. LDA must be at least
           max( 1, N ).
           Unchanged on exit.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 136 of file zsyr\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
