.TH "ztbcon.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ztbcon.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBztbcon\fP (NORM, UPLO, DIAG, N, KD, AB, LDAB, RCOND, WORK, RWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZTBCON\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine ztbcon (characterNORM, characterUPLO, characterDIAG, integerN, integerKD, complex*16, dimension( ldab, * )AB, integerLDAB, double precisionRCOND, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, double precision, dimension( * )RWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZTBCON\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZTBCON estimates the reciprocal of the condition number of a
 triangular band matrix A, in either the 1-norm or the infinity-norm.

 The norm of A is computed and an estimate is obtained for
 norm(inv(A)), then the reciprocal of the condition number is
 computed as
    RCOND = 1 / ( norm(A) * norm(inv(A)) ).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fINORM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          NORM is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the 1-norm condition number or the
          infinity-norm condition number is required:
          = '1' or 'O':  1-norm;
          = 'I':         Infinity-norm.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  A is upper triangular;
          = 'L':  A is lower triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  A is non-unit triangular;
          = 'U':  A is unit triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIKD\fP 
.PP
.nf
          KD is INTEGER
          The number of superdiagonals or subdiagonals of the
          triangular band matrix A.  KD >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AB is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDAB,N)
          The upper or lower triangular band matrix A, stored in the
          first kd+1 rows of the array. The j-th column of A is stored
          in the j-th column of the array AB as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AB(kd+1+i-j,j) = A(i,j) for max(1,j-kd)<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AB(1+i-j,j)    = A(i,j) for j<=i<=min(n,j+kd).
          If DIAG = 'U', the diagonal elements of A are not referenced
          and are assumed to be 1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDAB\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDAB is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array AB.  LDAB >= KD+1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRCOND\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RCOND is DOUBLE PRECISION
          The reciprocal of the condition number of the matrix A,
          computed as RCOND = 1/(norm(A) * norm(inv(A))).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (2*N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIRWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          RWORK is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (N)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file ztbcon\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
