.TH "ztpmv.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ztpmv.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBztpmv\fP (UPLO, TRANS, DIAG, N, AP, X, INCX)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZTPMV\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine ztpmv (characterUPLO, characterTRANS, characterDIAG, integerN, complex*16, dimension(*)AP, complex*16, dimension(*)X, integerINCX)"

.PP
\fBZTPMV\fP \fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZTPMV  performs one of the matrix-vector operations

    x := A*x,   or   x := A**T*x,   or   x := A**H*x,

 where x is an n element vector and  A is an n by n unit, or non-unit,
 upper or lower triangular matrix, supplied in packed form.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, UPLO specifies whether the matrix is an upper or
           lower triangular matrix as follows:

              UPLO = 'U' or 'u'   A is an upper triangular matrix.

              UPLO = 'L' or 'l'   A is a lower triangular matrix.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, TRANS specifies the operation to be performed as
           follows:

              TRANS = 'N' or 'n'   x := A*x.

              TRANS = 'T' or 't'   x := A**T*x.

              TRANS = 'C' or 'c'   x := A**H*x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
           On entry, DIAG specifies whether or not A is unit
           triangular as follows:

              DIAG = 'U' or 'u'   A is assumed to be unit triangular.

              DIAG = 'N' or 'n'   A is not assumed to be unit
                                  triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
           On entry, N specifies the order of the matrix A.
           N must be at least zero.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AP is COMPLEX*16 array of DIMENSION at least
           ( ( n*( n + 1 ) )/2 ).
           Before entry with  UPLO = 'U' or 'u', the array AP must
           contain the upper triangular matrix packed sequentially,
           column by column, so that AP( 1 ) contains a( 1, 1 ),
           AP( 2 ) and AP( 3 ) contain a( 1, 2 ) and a( 2, 2 )
           respectively, and so on.
           Before entry with UPLO = 'L' or 'l', the array AP must
           contain the lower triangular matrix packed sequentially,
           column by column, so that AP( 1 ) contains a( 1, 1 ),
           AP( 2 ) and AP( 3 ) contain a( 2, 1 ) and a( 3, 1 )
           respectively, and so on.
           Note that when  DIAG = 'U' or 'u', the diagonal elements of
           A are not referenced, but are assumed to be unity.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X is (input/output) COMPLEX*16 array of dimension at least
           ( 1 + ( n - 1 )*abs( INCX ) ).
           Before entry, the incremented array X must contain the n
           element vector x. On exit, X is overwritten with the
           tranformed vector x.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINCX\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INCX is INTEGER
           On entry, INCX specifies the increment for the elements of
           X. INCX must not be zero.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  Level 2 Blas routine.
  The vector and matrix arguments are not referenced when N = 0, or M = 0

  -- Written on 22-October-1986.
     Jack Dongarra, Argonne National Lab.
     Jeremy Du Croz, Nag Central Office.
     Sven Hammarling, Nag Central Office.
     Richard Hanson, Sandia National Labs.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 143 of file ztpmv\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
