.TH "ztptri.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ztptri.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBztptri\fP (UPLO, DIAG, N, AP, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZTPTRI\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine ztptri (characterUPLO, characterDIAG, integerN, complex*16, dimension( * )AP, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZTPTRI\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZTPTRI computes the inverse of a complex upper or lower triangular
 matrix A stored in packed format.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          = 'U':  A is upper triangular;
          = 'L':  A is lower triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N':  A is non-unit triangular;
          = 'U':  A is unit triangular.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIAP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          AP is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (N*(N+1)/2)
          On entry, the upper or lower triangular matrix A, stored
          columnwise in a linear array.  The j-th column of A is stored
          in the array AP as follows:
          if UPLO = 'U', AP(i + (j-1)*j/2) = A(i,j) for 1<=i<=j;
          if UPLO = 'L', AP(i + (j-1)*((2*n-j)/2) = A(i,j) for j<=i<=n.
          See below for further details.
          On exit, the (triangular) inverse of the original matrix, in
          the same packed storage format.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
          > 0:  if INFO = i, A(i,i) is exactly zero.  The triangular
                matrix is singular and its inverse can not be computed.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  A triangular matrix A can be transferred to packed storage using one
  of the following program segments:

  UPLO = 'U':                      UPLO = 'L':

        JC = 1                           JC = 1
        DO 2 J = 1, N                    DO 2 J = 1, N
           DO 1 I = 1, J                    DO 1 I = J, N
              AP(JC+I-1) = A(I,J)              AP(JC+I-J) = A(I,J)
      1    CONTINUE                    1    CONTINUE
           JC = JC + J                      JC = JC + N - J + 1
      2 CONTINUE                       2 CONTINUE
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 118 of file ztptri\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
