.TH "ztrti2.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ztrti2.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBztrti2\fP (UPLO, DIAG, N, A, LDA, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZTRTI2\fP computes the inverse of a triangular matrix (unblocked algorithm)\&. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine ztrti2 (characterUPLO, characterDIAG, integerN, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZTRTI2\fP computes the inverse of a triangular matrix (unblocked algorithm)\&.  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZTRTI2 computes the inverse of a complex upper or lower triangular
 matrix.

 This is the Level 2 BLAS version of the algorithm.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIUPLO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          UPLO is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether the matrix A is upper or lower triangular.
          = 'U':  Upper triangular
          = 'L':  Lower triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIDIAG\fP 
.PP
.nf
          DIAG is CHARACTER*1
          Specifies whether or not the matrix A is unit triangular.
          = 'N':  Non-unit triangular
          = 'U':  Unit triangular
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The order of the matrix A.  N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDA,N)
          On entry, the triangular matrix A.  If UPLO = 'U', the
          leading n by n upper triangular part of the array A contains
          the upper triangular matrix, and the strictly lower
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If UPLO = 'L', the
          leading n by n lower triangular part of the array A contains
          the lower triangular matrix, and the strictly upper
          triangular part of A is not referenced.  If DIAG = 'U', the
          diagonal elements of A are also not referenced and are
          assumed to be 1.

          On exit, the (triangular) inverse of the original matrix, in
          the same storage format.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.  LDA >= max(1,N).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0: successful exit
          < 0: if INFO = -k, the k-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
September 2012 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 111 of file ztrti2\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
