.TH "zunbdb4.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zunbdb4.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzunbdb4\fP (M, P, Q, X11, LDX11, X21, LDX21, THETA, PHI, TAUP1, TAUP2, TAUQ1, PHANTOM, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZUNBDB4\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zunbdb4 (integerM, integerP, integerQ, complex*16, dimension(ldx11,*)X11, integerLDX11, complex*16, dimension(ldx21,*)X21, integerLDX21, double precision, dimension(*)THETA, double precision, dimension(*)PHI, complex*16, dimension(*)TAUP1, complex*16, dimension(*)TAUP2, complex*16, dimension(*)TAUQ1, complex*16, dimension(*)PHANTOM, complex*16, dimension(*)WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZUNBDB4\fP .SH "Purpose:"
.PP
.PP
.PP
.nf
 ZUNBDB4 simultaneously bidiagonalizes the blocks of a tall and skinny
 matrix X with orthonomal columns:

                            [ B11 ]
      [ X11 ]   [ P1 |    ] [  0  ]
      [-----] = [---------] [-----] Q1**T .
      [ X21 ]   [    | P2 ] [ B21 ]
                            [  0  ]

 X11 is P-by-Q, and X21 is (M-P)-by-Q. M-Q must be no larger than P,
 M-P, or Q. Routines ZUNBDB1, ZUNBDB2, and ZUNBDB3 handle cases in
 which M-Q is not the minimum dimension.

 The unitary matrices P1, P2, and Q1 are P-by-P, (M-P)-by-(M-P),
 and (M-Q)-by-(M-Q), respectively. They are represented implicitly by
 Householder vectors.

 B11 and B12 are (M-Q)-by-(M-Q) bidiagonal matrices represented
 implicitly by angles THETA, PHI..fi
.PP
 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
           The number of rows X11 plus the number of rows in X21.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIP\fP 
.PP
.nf
          P is INTEGER
           The number of rows in X11. 0 <= P <= M.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIQ\fP 
.PP
.nf
          Q is INTEGER
           The number of columns in X11 and X21. 0 <= Q <= M and
           M-Q <= min(P,M-P,Q).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX11\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X11 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDX11,Q)
           On entry, the top block of the matrix X to be reduced. On
           exit, the columns of tril(X11) specify reflectors for P1 and
           the rows of triu(X11,1) specify reflectors for Q1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX11\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX11 is INTEGER
           The leading dimension of X11. LDX11 >= P.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIX21\fP 
.PP
.nf
          X21 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDX21,Q)
           On entry, the bottom block of the matrix X to be reduced. On
           exit, the columns of tril(X21) specify reflectors for P2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDX21\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDX21 is INTEGER
           The leading dimension of X21. LDX21 >= M-P.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITHETA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          THETA is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (Q)
           The entries of the bidiagonal blocks B11, B21 are defined by
           THETA and PHI. See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPHI\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PHI is DOUBLE PRECISION array, dimension (Q-1)
           The entries of the bidiagonal blocks B11, B21 are defined by
           THETA and PHI. See Further Details.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAUP1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAUP1 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (P)
           The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors that define
           P1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAUP2\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAUP2 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (M-P)
           The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors that define
           P2.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAUQ1\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAUQ1 is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (Q)
           The scalar factors of the elementary reflectors that define
           Q1.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIPHANTOM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          PHANTOM is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (M)
           The routine computes an M-by-1 column vector Y that is
           orthogonal to the columns of [ X11; X21 ]. PHANTOM(1:P) and
           PHANTOM(P+1:M) contain Householder vectors for Y(1:P) and
           Y(P+1:M), respectively.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LWORK)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
           The dimension of the array WORK. LWORK >= M-Q.
 
           If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
           only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
           this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
           message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
           = 0:  successful exit.
           < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
July 2012 
.RE
.PP
\fBFurther Details: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
  The upper-bidiagonal blocks B11, B21 are represented implicitly by
  angles THETA(1), ..., THETA(Q) and PHI(1), ..., PHI(Q-1). Every entry
  in each bidiagonal band is a product of a sine or cosine of a THETA
  with a sine or cosine of a PHI. See [1] or ZUNCSD for details.

  P1, P2, and Q1 are represented as products of elementary reflectors.
  See ZUNCSD2BY1 for details on generating P1, P2, and Q1 using ZUNGQR
  and ZUNGLQ.
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBReferences: \fP
.RS 4
[1] Brian D\&. Sutton\&. Computing the complete CS decomposition\&. Numer\&. Algorithms, 50(1):33-65, 2009\&. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 212 of file zunbdb4\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
