.TH "zunmhr.f" 3 "Sat Nov 16 2013" "Version 3.4.2" "LAPACK" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
zunmhr.f \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Functions/Subroutines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "subroutine \fBzunmhr\fP (SIDE, TRANS, M, N, ILO, IHI, A, LDA, TAU, C, LDC, WORK, LWORK, INFO)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBZUNMHR\fP \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function/Subroutine Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "subroutine zunmhr (characterSIDE, characterTRANS, integerM, integerN, integerILO, integerIHI, complex*16, dimension( lda, * )A, integerLDA, complex*16, dimension( * )TAU, complex*16, dimension( ldc, * )C, integerLDC, complex*16, dimension( * )WORK, integerLWORK, integerINFO)"

.PP
\fBZUNMHR\fP  
.PP
\fBPurpose: \fP
.RS 4

.PP
.nf
 ZUNMHR overwrites the general complex M-by-N matrix C with

                 SIDE = 'L'     SIDE = 'R'
 TRANS = 'N':      Q * C          C * Q
 TRANS = 'C':      Q**H * C       C * Q**H

 where Q is a complex unitary matrix of order nq, with nq = m if
 SIDE = 'L' and nq = n if SIDE = 'R'. Q is defined as the product of
 IHI-ILO elementary reflectors, as returned by ZGEHRD:

 Q = H(ilo) H(ilo+1) . . . H(ihi-1).
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fISIDE\fP 
.PP
.nf
          SIDE is CHARACTER*1
          = 'L': apply Q or Q**H from the Left;
          = 'R': apply Q or Q**H from the Right.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITRANS\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TRANS is CHARACTER*1
          = 'N': apply Q  (No transpose)
          = 'C': apply Q**H (Conjugate transpose)
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIM\fP 
.PP
.nf
          M is INTEGER
          The number of rows of the matrix C. M >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIN\fP 
.PP
.nf
          N is INTEGER
          The number of columns of the matrix C. N >= 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIILO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          ILO is INTEGER
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIIHI\fP 
.PP
.nf
          IHI is INTEGER

          ILO and IHI must have the same values as in the previous call
          of ZGEHRD. Q is equal to the unit matrix except in the
          submatrix Q(ilo+1:ihi,ilo+1:ihi).
          If SIDE = 'L', then 1 <= ILO <= IHI <= M, if M > 0, and
          ILO = 1 and IHI = 0, if M = 0;
          if SIDE = 'R', then 1 <= ILO <= IHI <= N, if N > 0, and
          ILO = 1 and IHI = 0, if N = 0.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          A is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension
                               (LDA,M) if SIDE = 'L'
                               (LDA,N) if SIDE = 'R'
          The vectors which define the elementary reflectors, as
          returned by ZGEHRD.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDA\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDA is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array A.
          LDA >= max(1,M) if SIDE = 'L'; LDA >= max(1,N) if SIDE = 'R'.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fITAU\fP 
.PP
.nf
          TAU is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension
                               (M-1) if SIDE = 'L'
                               (N-1) if SIDE = 'R'
          TAU(i) must contain the scalar factor of the elementary
          reflector H(i), as returned by ZGEHRD.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          C is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (LDC,N)
          On entry, the M-by-N matrix C.
          On exit, C is overwritten by Q*C or Q**H*C or C*Q**H or C*Q.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILDC\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LDC is INTEGER
          The leading dimension of the array C. LDC >= max(1,M).
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          WORK is COMPLEX*16 array, dimension (MAX(1,LWORK))
          On exit, if INFO = 0, WORK(1) returns the optimal LWORK.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fILWORK\fP 
.PP
.nf
          LWORK is INTEGER
          The dimension of the array WORK.
          If SIDE = 'L', LWORK >= max(1,N);
          if SIDE = 'R', LWORK >= max(1,M).
          For optimum performance LWORK >= N*NB if SIDE = 'L', and
          LWORK >= M*NB if SIDE = 'R', where NB is the optimal
          blocksize.

          If LWORK = -1, then a workspace query is assumed; the routine
          only calculates the optimal size of the WORK array, returns
          this value as the first entry of the WORK array, and no error
          message related to LWORK is issued by XERBLA.
.fi
.PP
.br
\fIINFO\fP 
.PP
.nf
          INFO is INTEGER
          = 0:  successful exit
          < 0:  if INFO = -i, the i-th argument had an illegal value
.fi
.PP
 
.RE
.PP
\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Univ\&. of Tennessee 
.PP
Univ\&. of California Berkeley 
.PP
Univ\&. of Colorado Denver 
.PP
NAG Ltd\&. 
.RE
.PP
\fBDate:\fP
.RS 4
November 2011 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 178 of file zunmhr\&.f\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for LAPACK from the source code\&.
