.\" Man page for accessdb
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1998 Fabrizio Polacco <fpolacco@debian.org
.\"
.\" You may distribute under the terms of the GNU General Public
.\" License as specified in the file COPYING that comes with the
.\" man-db distribution.
.\"
.\" Tue, 24 Feb 1998 18:18:36 +0200
.\" 
.pc
.TH ACCESSDB 8 "2013-06-27" "2.6.5" "Manual pager utils"
.SH NAME
accessdb \- dumps the content of a man-db database in a human readable
format
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /usr/sbin/accessdb 
.RB [\| \-hV \|]
.RI [ <index-file> ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B accessdb 
will output the data contained within a man-db database in a
human readable form.
By default, it will dump the data from
.B /var/cache/man/index.<db-type>,
where <db-type> is dependent on the database library in use.

Supplying an argument to accessdb will override this default.

.nf
$mtime$ -> "795987034"
$version$ -> "2.3.1"
apropos -> "1 1 795981542 A - - search the manual page names and descriptions"
catman -> "8 8 795981544 A - - create or update the pre-formatted manual pages"
man -> "1 1 795981542 A - - an interface to the on-line reference manuals"
mandb -> "8 8 795981544 A - - create or update the manual page index caches"
manpath -> " 1 5"
manpath~1 -> "1 1 795981542 A - - determine search path for manual pages"
manpath~5 -> "5 5 795981543 A - - format of the /etc/man_db.config file"
whatis -> "1 1 795981543 A - - search the manual page names"
zsoelim -> "1 1 795981543 A - - satisfy .so requests in roff input"
.fi
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print a help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Display version information.
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Wilf. (G.Wilford@ee.surrey.ac.uk).
Fabrizio Polacco (fpolacco@debian.org).
Colin Watson (cjwatson@debian.org).
.fi
